CBMC/102021
76 1 1
Annual
Review 2021
Larsen & Toubro Limited
L&T House, N.M. Marg, Ballard Estate, Mumbai 400001, INDIA
CIN: L99999MH1946PLC004768 
#TechnologyForSustainableGrowthwww.Larsentoubro.com
www.Larsentoubro.com
L&T GROUP AT A GLANCE CONTENTS
L&T Group at a Glance 01
Leadership Team 02
ECOM (Executive Committee) 03
HEAVY ENGINEERING 42
MACHINERY & INDUSTRIAL PRODUCTS 47
CONSTRUCTION & MINING MACHINERY 48
DEFENCE 50
VALVES 53
01
2 3
REALTY  66
CONSTRUCTIONHeavy Civil Infrastructure 07
Water & Efﬂuent Treatment 10
Power Transmission & Distribution 14
Buildings & Factories 18
Transportation Infrastructure 22
Metallurgical & Material Handling 26
L&T GeoStructure 28
HYDROCARBON  30
POWER PLANTS & EQUIPMENT 38
INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY
TECHNOLOGY SERVICESL&T Information Technology (LTI) 56
Mindtree 58
L&T Technology Services Limited (LTTS) 60
FINANCIAL SERVICES L&T Finance Holdings (LTFH) 70
SUSTAINABILITY 72SMART WORLD & COMMUNICATION 62
Standalone Debt:
Equity Ratio
0.39:1Order Book
`3,273,539
Mn
(   by 8%)
EPS
`82.49
(   by 21% )New wins - 
Order inﬂow
`1,754,971
Mn
PBDIT
`156,241
Mn
(     by 4%)
PAT
`115,829
Mn
(   by 21% )HI-TECH MANUFACTURING
EPC PROJECTS
50+
Countries
SERVICES
12
Verticals
`1,359,790
Mn
Group Turnover
(   by 7%)
LEADERSHIP TEAM EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE (ECOM)
A. M. Naik
Group Chairman
S. N. Subrahmanyan
CEO & Managing Director
S. N. Subrahmanyan
CEO & Managing Director
T. Madhava Das
Whole-Time Director &
Sr. Executive Vice President
(Utilities)
S. V. Desai
Whole-Time Director &
Sr. Executive Vice President
(Civil Infrastructure)
T. Madhava Das
Whole-Time Director &
Sr. Executive Vice President
(Utilities)
S. V. Desai
Whole-Time Director &
Sr. Executive Vice President
(Civil Infrastructure)
Hasit Joshipura
Sr. Vice President & Head
Corporate Centre
Shrikant Joshi
CEO & Managing Director
L&T Realty Limited 
D. K. Sen
Whole-Time Director &
Sr. Executive Vice President
(Development Projects)M. V. Satish
Whole-Time Director &
Sr. Executive Vice President
(Buildings)
M. V. Satish
Whole-Time Director &
Sr. Executive Vice President
(Buildings)
J. D. Patil
Whole-Time Director &
Sr. Executive Vice President
(Defence & Smart Technologies)
J. D. Patil
Whole-Time Director &
Sr. Executive Vice President
(Defence & Smart Technologies)
D. K. Sen
Whole-Time Director &
Sr. Executive Vice President
(Development Projects)
Subramanian Sarma
Whole-Time Director &
Sr. Executive Vice President
(Energy)
Subramanian Sarma
Whole-Time Director &
Sr. Executive Vice President
(Energy)
R. Shankar Raman
Whole-Time Director &
Chief Financial Ofﬁcer 
R. Shankar Raman
Whole-Time Director &
Chief Financial Ofﬁcer 
03 Annual Review FY 2102
4 5
Larsen & Toubro has acquired a high degree of expertise in 
undertaking projects of unprecedented scale, scope and sophistication 
on an EPC (Engineering-Procurement-Construction) basis across the 
construction and hydrocarbon spectrums as well as power plants and 
equipment. L&T collaborates with global majors for the design and 
execution of projects, and is a leader in the EPC world.From infrastructure projects to offshore oilﬁelds to power 
plants, L&T’s range of EPC solutions is powered by an array 
of unmatched in-house design-to-delivery capabilities.Construction
Hydrocarbon
Power Plants & EquipmentEPC PROJECTS
6 7

Kakrapar Atomic Power Plant
Mumbai Coastal Road Project
Many landmark projects in India – and increasingly overseas – bear L&T Construction’s indelible stamp of excellence – 
reﬂecting a track record spanning several decades. 
The multiple businesses of L&T Construction have distinct but complementary capabilities, addressing different segments of 
infrastructure and industry. 
L&T Construction executes projects on a turnkey basis, with single-source responsibility, adopting innovative design 
engineering and a global supply chain. Digitalisation, mechanisation and the ability to mobilise large, highly-trained crews 
enable it to meet stringent deadlines and rigorous standards. At every project site and establishment of L&T Construction, 
the highest priority is accorded to the environment, health and safety. 
A safe work culture is intensively propagated to conform to – and even surpass – international standards.
Heavy Civil Infrastructure
Water & Efﬂuent Treatment
Power Transmission & Distribution
Buildings & Factories
Transportation Infrastructure
Metallurgical & Material Handling
L&T GeoStructureRanked amongst the top contractors,
L&T Construction contributes signiﬁcantly 
to building the image and stature of 
Larsen & Toubro across the world and 
driving L&T’s reputation as ‘the builder
of the India of the 21st century’CONSTRUCTIONThe Heavy Civil Infrastructure vertical of L&T Construction undertakes design, engineering and execution 
of projects in several segments that are critical to the economy.
The business’ in-house design strengths and unique construction methodology cells provide competent 
concept-to-commissioning solutions to meet the complex requirements of its customers.
L&T’s Heavy Civil infrastructure vertical takes pride in building iconic structures, thus contributing to 
nation-building.Heavy Civil Infrastructure
Metros 
Special Bridges
High Speed Rail
Nuclear Projects
Hydel Projects
Tunnel Projects
Ports and Harbours
00  Heavy Civil Infrastructure | Construction 07  Heavy Civil Infrastructure | CONSTRUCTION | EPC PROJECTS 06 Annual Review FY 21
8 9
FTD sheet piling at Kudankulam Nuclear Power ProjectKey Offerings
Tunnel boring in progress at Bengaluru Metro site
Snapshot
Key Geographies
Mumbai Coastal Road Project
 Rishikesh-Karnaprayag Rail Link under construction
Mumbai Trans Harbour Link Project
Track Record (including ongoing jobs)
High Speed Rail237 km
Metro Projects
(Elevated + UG)374 km
Railway Bridges54 km
Road Bridges81 km
Dams / Barrages13
Twin Containment
Nuclear Reactor in India1st
Greenﬁeld Ports
Commissioned5
Breakwater & Rock
Structures45 km
of Berthing
Structures8 km
Shipyard
Structures3Road / Rail Tunnels66 km
of Hydro
Tunnels79 km
Powerhouse and
Caverns 8
India’s Largest
TBM @ MCRP 411.2 m Dia.
Below ground level – one
of the largest LPG
underground storage
caverns of its kind, and the
1st of its kind in South Asia200 m
1New Orders 9Projects
Sitamma Sagar Multipurpose Project
Mumbai-Ahmedabad High Speed Rail Project 
– Package C4
Mumbai-Ahmedabad High Speed Rail Project 
– Package P4 X & Y
Delhi-Meerut – Regional Rapid Transit Systems
(RRTS) – Package 7
Dhubri-Phulbari Bridge Project
Rishikesh – Karnaprayag Rail Link
– Tunnel Package 4Kudankulam Nuclear Power Project Packages 5 & 6
Chennai Metro Phase 2 – ECV 01
Vikaramashila Setu Bridge Project
1Completed Projects 2
Durgam Cheruvu Bridge, Telangana
Singoli Bhatwari Hydro Project
09  Heavy Civil Infrastructure | CONSTRUCTION | EPC PROJECTS 08Saudi Arabia India
Bhutan
Bangladesh
10 11
Annual Review FY 21Artist's impression
Industrial Area Sewage Treatment Works at Qatar
Pump house irrigating 62,500 Hectares in Kundalia, Madhya Pradesh
11  Water & Efﬂuent Treatment | CONSTRUCTION | EPC PROJECTS 10
30 MLD Sewage Treatment Plant at Coimbatore 
12 13IndiaMiddle East
AfricaSri LankaSnapshot
Key Geographies
L&T Construction’s Water & Efﬂuent Treatment business provides complete solutions through its 
‘concept-to-commissioning’ capability covering in-house design, detailed engineering, process 
know-how, procurement, impeccable project management and seamless execution, extending to 
virtually every area of the Water, Irrigation and Wastewater spectrum.Water & Efﬂuent Treatment
Key Offerings
Urban & Rural Water Supply
Industrial Water Supply
Water Treatment Plants
Sewage Treatment Plants
Efﬂuent Treatment Plants
Wastewater Collection Network 
Desalination 
Micro & Lift Irrigation Projects
Water Management
Smart Water Infrastructure
Annual Review FY 21
50 MLD Water Treatment Plant at Moga, Punjab
13  Water & Efﬂuent Treatment | CONSTRUCTION | EPC PROJECTS 12
14 15Commissioned Projects 32
Hectares of land being
brought under irrigation9.3 Lakh
Channelized Water and
Waste Water Network5+ Lakh kmof Water Treatment
Plants7200  MLD
of Wastewater Treatment Plants2100  MLD
of smart infrastructure being
developed7500  Hectares
people beneﬁtted95 MillionTrack RecordNew Orders 27Projects
15
1 International5 Urban water supply
3 Large water1 Wastewater
1 Industrial1 Smart infraRural water supply 
120 MLD Water Treatment Plant at Erode, Tamil Nadu
 Mukkombu Barrage, Tamil Nadu 
Annual Review FY 21
Key Offerings
Transmission Lines
Substations 
Underground Cable Networks 
Distribution Networks 
Power Quality Improvement Projects 
Solar PV Plants 
Battery Energy Storage Systems 
Mini / Micro-grid Projects
Digital Solutions
15 Power Transmission & Distribution | CONSTRUCTION | EPC PROJECTS 14
500 kV HVDC Overhead Line, Kenya
16 17
Containerized Substation at Haliba, UAE
India's ﬁrst large-scale Solar-cum-Storage  Project with 8MWh BESS in the Andaman IslandsA leading EPC player in the ﬁeld of transmission and distribution and solar energy, this business vertical 
offers integrated solutions and end-to-end services encompassing design, manufacture, supply, installation 
and commissioning. Its unique in-house capabilities include one of the world’s largest tower manufacturing 
and testing stations and a proprietary tracker mechanism.Power Transmission & Distribution
Annual Review FY 21
500 kV Surat Thani to Bang Saphan Transmission Line, Thailand 
400 kV Gas Insulated Substation, ChennaiTrack Record
of Transmission
Lines40,940 ckm
EHV Substations Including
India’s First 1200 kV AIS
and 765 kV GIS840
Habitations
Electriﬁed1,65,710
of Solar Power
PlantsOver 2.8 GWpKey Geographies
India
ASEANMiddle East
AfricaNepalDomestic Orders 25Projects
500 kV Bang Saphan-2 to Surat Thani Transmission Line, ThailandSnapshot
Bangladesh
17 Power Transmission & Distribution | CONSTRUCTION | EPC PROJECTS 16
18 19
International Orders
Middle East Africa ASEAN
Substation
ProjectsSubstation
Projects
Transmission
CorridorsEHV Cable/
OHTL
CorridorsTransmission
Corridor of
500 kV level
Solar PV Plants,
among the
world's
largest8 2
6 52
124 Commissioned Projects
15
5,15,109
29
3 Major Solar PlantsHouseholds Illuminated Major Transmission
Corridors, (up to 800 kV)
Major Substation
Projects47
5
5
3
2
10Major Solar Plants
Transmission Corridor ProjectsEmerging Area Projects:
Tunnel Electriﬁcation/OFC Laying    Distribution Modernization Projects
Packages for Building
Substation Clusters
Annual Review FY 21
Hero Factory, Chittoor, Andhra Pradesh
A. M. Naik Tower, Mumbai
 Patna Medical College and HospitalKey OfferingsThe expertise of this business vertical lies in offering ‘turnkey solutions’, right from 
‘concept-to-commissioning’ across the entire spectrum of urban infrastructure. Powered by dedicated 
engineering design centres, competency cells, advanced formwork systems, mechanized project execution, 
a wide network of consultants and vendors, digitised project control and a talented pool of employees, the 
business is an industry leader in its space in India and in targeted overseas markets.Buildings & Factories
Airports 
Hospitals 
Stadiums 
Hotels 
Institutional Spaces 
Data Centres 
IT Parks and Ofﬁce Buildings 
High-rise Structures
Mass-housing Complexes 
Factory Structures and Cement Plants 
Warehousing Facilities
Fast-track Modular Construction
19 Buildings & Factories | CONSTRUCTION | EPC PROJECTS 18
20 21
Annual Review FY 21Artist's impression
Artist's impression
GCCIndia
Sri LankaMauritiusKey Geographies
India International Convention & Expo Centre, New Delhi
CIDCO Housing Project, Navi MumbaiNew Orders 26Projects
Track Record
International
Airports11
Hospital Beds22,901 +
IT Seats2,81,800 +
Apartment
Units73,760 +
Manufacturing
Facilities85+Commissioned Projects
Motera Stadium - World's Largest Cricket StadiumSnapshot
21 Buildings & Factories | CONSTRUCTION | EPC PROJECTS 20 Annual Review FY 21901
31,800 IT Seats
1 Manufacturing Facilities3,760 Apartment UnitsHospital Beds 4
5
5
3
6
2
1Health
Public Spaces
IT & Ofﬁce Spaces
Residential
Factories
International
22 23Fast-track Modular Construction
Artist's impression
Mumbai-Vadodara Expressway
WDFC - Track works and 2x25 kV Traction at Marwar Yard 
Mumbai-Nagpur Expressway
Key Geographies
GCC India
BangladeshMauritius
Ghoshpukur-Salsalabari Road Project
SnapshotKey Offerings
Roads
Elevated Corridors
City Infrastructure (Transportation)
Runways (Airside Construction)
Railway Construction
Railway Systems
Dedicated Freight Corridors
Integrated Transit Systems (LRT/Monorail)
23 Transportation Infrastructure | CONSTRUCTION | EPC PROJECTS 22 Annual Review FY 21
24 25
L&T’s Transportation Infrastructure business is one of the oldest and largest reputed contractors in India for 
Engineering, Procurement & Construction of infrastructure projects in the Road, Railway & Airport sectors. The 
business is broadly divided into two Strategic Business Groups (SBGs), namely, Railways Business Group (RBG) and 
Roads Runways & Elevated Corridors (RREC).
Well-diversiﬁed in terms of its product range, the business leverages its vast experience in Project Management, 
Engineering Design and Construction Management to achieve international standards of safety, quality and 
operational efﬁciency in mega-scale projects spread across India and in targeted geographies overseas. It has 
Engineering Design centres in Mumbai, Faridabad and Chennai. In addition, it has a Competency Development 
Centre at Kancheepuram for RBG and a Workmen Training Centre at Ahmedabad for RREC.Transportation Infrastructure
Ongoing Projects
5,515 Lkm Highways
3.79 Mn. sq. m. Runways
2,302 Tkm Track Construction
7,247 Tkm Electriﬁcation3 Railway Construction (Track / OHE / S&T)
2 Roads (Highways / Expressways)
2 Metro (Track / OHE / S&T)
1 High-Speed Rail (Civil & Building)
1 Integrated Transit SystemsNew Orders Projects9 Completed Projects
17,322 Lkm Highways
9 Mn. sq. m. Runways
3,307 Tkm Track Construction
12,173 Tkm ElectriﬁcationCommissioned Projects
4Railway Construction
(Track / OHE / S&T)
2 Roads (Highways / Expressways)6
Track works, OHE, CBTC Signalling and System Integration at Dhaka Metro
 Mauritius LRT Phase 1Snapshot
25 Transportation Infrastructure | CONSTRUCTION | EPC PROJECTS 24
26 27
Annual Review FY 21
Stacker Reclaimer, Khargone
Track Record
Tonnes of Hot Metal
(Iron) Making30 Mn
Coke Ovens7
Steel Melt Shops4
Hot Strip Mills5
Al/Zn Smelter
Reﬁnery Plants8
Material Handling
Plants103
of Conveyors489 Km 
Stockyard Equipment154Blast Furnaces10
Mineral
Beneﬁciation Plants13
Wagon Tipplers124
Ash-handling Plants8
Crushers1000 +
Sand Plants38
Surface Miners80Key Offerings
Mineral Beneﬁciation
Iron and Steel Making
Aluminium, Zinc, Copper, Gold Smelters & Reﬁners
Specialty Conveyors
Material Handling & Mining Equipment
New Orders 49Projects
(FY 19-20)
International Mega Projects
Crushing Solutions
Surface Miners
Value: ` 75,050MnDomestic Projects
Sand Plants1
16
14
8
7
3 Material Handling EquipmentMaterial Handling Plants
Sand Plants
Crushers3
6
5
12 Surface MinersCommissioned Projects
Coke Dry Quenching Unit, JSW Dolvi 
Blast Furnace, JSW Dolvi
27 Metallurgical & Material Handling | CONSTRUCTION | EPC PROJECTS 2626Key Geographies
IndiaNorth Africa
28 29
Middle EastL&T’s Metallurgical & Material Handling business is a leading EPC solutions provider in the ﬁelds of
minerals, metals and bulk material handling for large industrial, steel, aluminium, copper, zinc and gold 
complexes, associated facilities and the mining industry. The business offers integrated solutions for a wide 
range of systems and equipment, powered by in-house design, engineering, manufacturing, construction and 
commissioning capabilities.Metallurgical & Material Handling
Annual Review FY 21
Basement work with d'wall for Indusind Bank at ChennaiKey Offerings
Large diameter bored and driven piles
Stone columns and vibro-compaction
Marine structures
Cut-off walls
Basement structures
Composite dams
Multi-cellular intake structures
Water retaining geo-structures
Flood protection worksNew Orders Secured 5
Ongoing Projects 20
Commissioned Projects 2Snapshot
29 L&T GeoStructure | CONSTRUCTION | EPC PROJECTS 28
30 31Cut-and-cover section at Korukkupet - UAA 09
CMRL- Korukkupet Station 
RCD Piling at MTHL, MumbaiThis business vertical specialises in executing geostructures like piling, diaphragm walls, embedded 
retaining structures, ground improvement works for projects across sectors comprising marine and 
intake structures, dams and bridges. The business has unique expertise in plastic concrete design and 
execution of deep diaphragm walls. It engages in consultative selling by providing alternative designs 
and cost-effective solutions with the help of a robust in-house design team. It has a large ﬂeet of 
high-end hydraulic rigs, RCD rigs, trench cutters, various capacity vibro-hammers and other ground 
engineering equipment to execute challenging projects, both in terms of complexity and time.L&T GeoStructure
Annual Review FY 21
6-level Living Quarters Module being fabricated for ONGC's NWIS Project at MFF-Hazira
31 Hydrocarbon | EPC PROJECTS1
2
3
3*
1*New Orders 10Projects
Offshore
Onshore
Construction Services 
Modular Fabrication 
AdVENT
Value: ` 177,294 Mn
(USD 2,389 Mn)3 OnshoreCompleted Projects 3(FY 20-21)Snapshot
33*Project Value > `  50 Mn
IOCL's INDMAX FCC Unit, fully-commissioned at Bongaigaon, Assam
Key Businesses
Offshore 
Onshore 
Construction Services 
Modular Fabrication
AdVENT (Advanced Value Engineering & Technology) 
30For LTHE, safety remains a core value and the Company continued to deliver a strong HSE performance across 
domestic and international projects, remaining ﬁrmly committed to its ‘Mission Zero Harm’. During FY 
2020-21 it set new benchmarks in HSE by:
• Achieving LTI frequency rate of 0.06 against an industry average of 0.13 (OGP for Construction Activity 2019-20)
• Receiving 17 HSE awards from prestigious industry bodies and forums domestically and internationally
• Receiving 16 Certiﬁcates of Appreciation from clients for HSE performance and project safety milestones
• Running effective COVID-19 Prevention campaigns and adopting a slew of precautionary measures across ofﬁces,  
 manufacturing yards, project sites
• Implementing e-PTW and Incident Management software to further digitalise HSE operations
Key Geographies
Middle East
AfricaEurope North
AmericaIndia
ASEAN
32L&T Hydrocarbon Engineering (LTHE), a wholly-owned subsidiary of L&T, offers integrated ‘design-to-build’ solutions for 
complex onshore and offshore hydrocarbon projects across multiple geographies. Its track record includes simultaneous 
execution of multiple, complex, large-value projects meeting stringent delivery schedules, quality and safety norms. LTHE’s 
in-house capabilities are complemented by partnerships with global leaders, while its competitive strengths in project 
management, engineering, procurement, fabrication, manufacturing, construction, installation and commissioning, 
combined with best-in-class HSE standards, enable it to consistently deliver on all parameters.HYDROCARBON
Annual Review FY 21
Key Offerings
Process complexes and wellhead platforms
Gas compression modules
Subsea pipelines and systems
Brownﬁeld and upgradation projects
Living quarters platforms
FPSO modules and jack-up rigs
Decommissioning solutions
Deepwater subsea manifolds and structures
Offshore wind farms
Transportation and installation services
Track Record
New Process
Platforms10
Wellhead Platforms
(Jacket + Topside)75
Wellhead Topsides 25
Wellhead Jackets28
FPSO Topsides
(Engineering)8
Living Quarters10
Deepwater Projects2Gas Compression
Modules17
Subsea Pipe Laying1258 + km
Jack-up Rigs
Refurbishment4
Platform Modiﬁcations230Track Record
Petroleum Reﬁning Units50+
Oil & Gas Processing Projects21
Petrochemical Complexes2
Syngas and Ammonia Projects9
Cryogenic Storage Systems9
Cracking Furnaces and Reformers83Petrochemical Units10
Cross-country Pipelines6,500 + km
Oil and Gas Terminals10Key Offerings
Upstream oil & gas processing and treatment facilities
Petroleum reﬁning projects
Fertiliser projects
Petrochemical projects
Cross-country pipelines and terminals
Cryogenic storage tanks and regasiﬁcation terminals
Coal / pet-coke gasiﬁcation projects
33 Hydrocarbon | EPC PROJECTS 32 Annual Review FY 21
Haliba Field Development Project for Al Dhafra Petroleum, UAE
34 35
Delivered and installed two oil PDMs and
associated facilities in Zuluf Fields, Saudi Arabia
Farabi Petrochemicals’ n-Parafﬁn &
Derivatives Complex at Yanbu, Saudi Arabia
The Company undertakes FEED and EPCIC projects encompassing the entire hydrocarbon value chain – from oil 
& gas production to processing. Its comprehensive engineering capabilities span the complete project life cycle, 
while its in-house fabrication facilities at three strategic locations impart ﬂexibility in project control and 
cost-competitiveness. LTS 3000, a heavy-lift-cum-pipelay vessel and LTB 300, a pipelay-cum-work barge help 
expedite offshore installation, ensuring on-time completion of projects.Offshore
The Company has in-house FEED, process and detailed engineering, procurement, fabrication, construction 
and commissioning (EPCC) capabilities built over three decades, delivering execution excellence for its 
customers worldwide. It has experience in executing projects based on technologies from leading global 
process licensors and also undertakes projects on a License + EPCC package basis, depending on the 
client’s requirements.Onshore
The Company offers turnkey construction of reﬁnery, petrochemical, chemical and fertilizer projects, 
gas-gathering stations, oil & gas terminals and ﬁeld development including storage tanks and 
underground cavern storage systems for LPG and cross-country hydrocarbon pipelines.
It offers innovative construction solutions with cutting-edge technology. Further, it has a large asset 
base of construction equipment and an impressive track record in providing customised solutions in 
heavy lifting. Most projects executed are in excess of 10 million construction man-hours, with two 
projects in excess of 100 million construction man-hours.Construction Services
Key Offerings
Site development and pile foundation
Complete civil and structural work
Plant and non-plant buildings
Piping and mechanical erection
Electrical & instrumentation
Tankages including ﬁreﬁghting systems
Laying of cross-country and in-ﬁeld pipelines
Coal Bed Methane (CBM) Phase-II project for RIL at Shahdol, Madhya Pradesh
 Crude and Vacuum Distillation Unit (CDU/VDU) under construction for HPCL Vizag
35 Hydrocarbon | EPC PROJECTS 34
36 37
LNG Tanks under construction for Adani’s Dhamra LNG Terminal Pvt. Ltd
Annual Review FY 21
Onshore Process and Pipe Rack Modules being readied at MFF-KattupalliKey Offerings
Offshore structures and modules for oil & gas projects
Onshore structures & process modules
LNG modules
Foundations and modules for offshore wind farm projects
Deepwater subsea structures
Modular specialty furnaces
Jack-up rigs and MOPU
Preassembled Electric Sub-station Buildings (PESB) and E&I housesKey Offerings
Full-spectrum engineering solutions
Technology co-development and commercialisation
Strategic project delivery
Modularisation solutions for process units and thermal systems
Digitally-enabled O&M and asset management solutions
New energy (hydrogen, bio-fuels, carbon capture / utilisation, waste-to-value solutions)
Emerging technology-driven solutions and innovative business models
A rendering of the 3D Model for IOCL's 3G Ethanol Project
37 Hydrocarbon | EPC PROJECTS 36
38 39
Convection Modules for HMEL Cracker
Furnaces Project built at MFF-Hazira
The Company offers comprehensive Modular Solutions from its world-class Modular Fabrication Facilities, 
backed by rich and extensive experience in project management, project engineering, procurement and 
installation / construction, testing and pre-commissioning − primarily in both offshore and onshore domains of 
the entire value chain of the oil & gas sector. These Modular Fabrication Facilities, equipped with state-of-the-art 
infrastructure and machinery for operations, coupled with robust QHSE performance, are strategically located at 
Hazira (India’s west coast), Kattupalli (India’s east coast) and Sohar (Oman). They have a combined annual 
capacity in excess of 200,000 MT (depending on the product mix) and are accredited with global certiﬁcations 
and pre-qualiﬁcations from oil & gas majors. These all-weather waterfront facilities with their captive load-out 
jetties offer year-round delivery of complex, large and heavy modules on ocean-going vessels and barges 
providing logistical ﬂexibility, on-time delivery and cost competitive solutions.
LTHE recently augmented its manufacturing strengths by opening a new integrated manufacturing facility at 
Jubail in Saudi Arabia to cater to the local market.Modular Fabrication
AdVENT is an incubator vertical established to foster new business lines and technologies, to make the Company 
future-ready. AdVENT adds four new dimensions to the Company in the areas of new energy, modular solutions, 
cutting-edge hydrocarbon technologies and smart differentiated O&M solutions for the hydrocarbon industry.
Leveraging its expertise in high-end engineering and execution of large-scale, technologically complex EPC projects over 
several decades, and collaborating with esteemed R&D centres, renowned institutions and high-tech and core-tech 
start-ups, AdVENT strives to deliver comprehensive customer-centric solutions for the entire value chain of the 
hydrocarbon and emerging industries. Core competency developed by AdVENT in engineering of cryogenic and thermal 
high temperature systems enables large EPC project execution. AdVENT’s technical capabilities and agility enable it to 
offer highly customised solutions.
It actively participated in the MoPNG task force for developing the digitalisation roadmap for E&P sector, and 
contributed to formulation of the ﬁnal recommendations. The business was chosen as a consultant by a state-owned oil 
& gas major for building a demo plant based on its proprietary technology for high-end reﬁning process and catalyst. AdVENT (Advanced Value Engineering & Technology)
Annual Review FY 21
39 Power Plants & Equipment | EPC PROJECTS 38
2x660 MW Shree Singaji Thermal Power Plant (Stage-II), Madhya Pradesh 
Key Offerings
Complete and package-wise EPC solutions 
for Power Plants:
 • Coal-ﬁred
 • Gas-based
 • Nuclear Steam Turbine & Generator Island
Air pollution control:
 • Flue Gas Desulphurisation (FGD)
 • Selective Catalytic Reduction (SCR)
 • Electrostatic Precipitators
Track Record
EPC of Power Plants17,500+ MWPartners
L&T-MHI Power Boilers Private Limited
This JV with Mitsubishi Power, Japan, engineers,
designs, manufactures, erects and commissions
ultra-supercritical and supercritical boilers.
L&T-MHI Power Turbine Generators Private Limited
This JV with Mitsubishi Power and Mitsubishi Electric
Corp. Japan, engineers, designs and manufactures
ultra-supercritical and supercritical turbines and
generators. 
L&T-Sargent & Lundy Limited
This JV with Sargent & Lundy L.L.C, USA, provides
a complete range of engineering and design solutions
for power plants.
L&T-Howden Private Limited
This JV with the Howden Group manufactures
axial fans and air preheaters.Projects
1 New Contracts
1 Commissioned
15 OngoingSnapshot
Key Geographies
IndiaVietnamJordanIsraelYemenKSAUzbekistan
Bangladesh
Japan
BrazilSlovenia
AustraliaUK
40 41
A proven, complete solutions provider for thermal power plants, L&T’s power business vertical executes coal 
and gas-based power projects on a lumpsum turnkey basis. At its state-of-the-art facilities at Hazira in Gujarat, 
L&T and its joint venture companies manufacture ultra-supercritical / supercritical boilers, turbines and 
generators, pulverisers, axial fans, air preheaters and air-pollution-control equipment. L&T also supplies and 
supervises standalone HRSG packages. International standards of safety and quality and on-time delivery are 
ensured by design and project management centres at Vadodara and Faridabad.POWER PLANTS & EQUIPMENT
Turbine manufacturing facility at Hazira, Gujarat
2x660 MW Khargone Thermal Power Plant, Madhya Pradesh (India's ﬁrst ultra-supercritical power plant)
400 MW Bibiyana South Combined Cycle Power Plant, Bangladesh
Boiler manufacturing facility at Hazira, Gujarat
Annual Review FY 21
Across the decades, L&T’s state-of-the-art facilities have 
manufactured the tallest, largest, heaviest equipment, setting 
global benchmarks in scale and sophistication.L&T has established a reputation for the manufacture of a wide range of 
high-end technology, engineered-to-order equipment and systems for core 
industrial sectors. In-house R&D, collaborations with international majors, a 
dedicated engineering talent pool, global procurement setup and world-class 
manufacturing facilities have enabled L&T to acquire and sustain a leadership 
position in many of its lines of business. Global quality accreditations and 
certiﬁcations afﬁrm L&T’s manufacturing prowess.
Heavy Engineering
Machinery & Industrial Products
Construction & Mining Machinery
Defence
ValvesHI-TECH MANUFACTURING
42 43

CRYOSTAT for world’s largest nuclear fusion reactor for ITER, France
Global Benchmark - 700 MWe Steam Generator for Gorakhpur Haryana Vidyut Pariyojana,
India delivered in 36 months despite pandemic
42
44Annual Review FY 21
L&T Heavy Engineering is recognized as one of the world's top 3 heavy equipment fabricators. Its strengths include in-house 
design & engineering, state-of-the-art fully-integrated digitally enabled fabrication facilities, R&D Centres and experienced project 
teams. It custom-designs, fabricates and integrates engineered-to-order critical equipment and piping solutions for core 
process plant sector (reﬁnery, fertiliser, petrochemicals) and nuclear power industries. Dedicated engineering, procurement, 
project management and construction teams of our Modiﬁcation, Revamp and Upgrade (MRU) business offer technology-driven, 
quick turnaround solutions for process plants. Safety is core and integral to every phase of our operations. The business 
manufactures equipment conforming to international standards of quality. All manufacturing facilities are digitally enabled 
with advanced application of Industry 4.0 solutions in engineered-to-order manufacturing. This helped us to ensure 
uninterrupted customer service to maintain our On Time Delivery track record despite COVID-19 pandemic.HEAVY ENGINEERING
43 Heavy Engineering | HI-TECH MANUFACTURINGKey Offerings
Hydrocracker, ethylene oxide and clean fuel reactors
Renewable diesel reactor
FCC reactor and regenerator package
Coke drums
Molten salt-bath reactor
Titanium-cladded oxidation reactor
Ammonia and methanol converters
Urea stripper & reactor, carbamate condenser
Waste heat boiler package
HP heat exchanger
Nuclear power equipment
 • Steam Generator and Pressuriser
 • End Shields
 • Fusion Reactor (ITER)
 • Spent Fuel Canisters & Casks
Modiﬁcation, Revamp and Upgrade (MRU)
Critical Piping SpoolsSnapshot
Key Geographies
Manufacturing Facilities 3Africa AsiaEurope
North
America
South
America Oceania
Presence in 49 countries
45
EO Reactor for IQOXE's Chemical Plant, Spain
46 47
EO Reactor for IOCL's Ethylene Glycol Project at Paradip Reﬁnery, India
45 Heavy Engineering | HI-TECH MANUFACTURING
47
RFCC Revamp for Orpic/OQ, Oman
47
World’s Longest Column for
Reliance Industries, India121 m
World's Heaviest LC-Max Reactors2313 MTWorld’s Single Largest Order of
Reactors for KNPC, KuwaitUSD 421 Mn
Largest RFCC Package for
Reliance Industries, India16.3 m Diameter
The Cryostat - world’s largest stainless-steel, high-vacuum
pressure chamber weighing 3,850 MT for ITER, France29.4 m DiameterWorld's Heaviest Coke Drum - 4 drums supplied to
Marathon Petroleum Corporation, Garyville Reﬁnery, USA645 MT
World’s Largest Tubular Reactor
for Equate, Kuwait1500 MT
ARDS Reactors (Cr-Mo-V) weighing around 9744 MT
(609 MT each) dispatched to ADNOC,  UAE16Track RecordNew Orders 52
` 38,702  MnTotal Value
` 12,342  MnInternational` 26,360  Mn Domestic
Nuclear Sector
• 12 Steam Generators (SGs) from NPCIL for the prestigious 3 x 700 MWe Pressurized Heavy Water Reactor (PHWR)
• Fleet order for reactor headers and pressurisers for GHAVP 1 & 2 Units
A total of 28 critical reactors,14 critical heat exchangers and 53 critical equipment
44 Annual Review FY 21Awards and Recognition
World's heaviest LC MAX Reactors (3 nos.) for HPCL's Visakh Reﬁnery 
(Residue Upgrade Facility), India each weighing 2313 MT
CII Champions’ Trophy – Breakthrough Category
&
Qimpro – Process Innovation Award
under MRU Services provided to Customer
Nuclear PlantCritical heavy forgings
and plates for steam
generators and other
equipment for Facility approved
and certiﬁed 
700 MW
for the nuclear sector
for Hydrocarbon SectorHeaviest ingot
made in India 
> 200 MT
shells and tube sheets
for the nuclear and
hydrocarbon sectorsReference List of 
500+
Thickest ring for
the nuclear sector 
800 mm thick
Heaviest Forged
Shell Made in India 
74 MTThickest forgings
for ITER Project
900 mm thick(Defense & Nuclear)
ForgingsStrategic
Grade Track RecordL&T Special Steels & Heavy Forgings
L&T Special Steels and Heavy Forgings is a JV with NPCIL, and manufactures forgings for several sectors: 
Nuclear, Defence, Hydrocarbon and Power. With an annual capacity of 40,000 MT of ﬁnished forgings, 
it is a major strategic step towards a sustainable alternative to the import of heavy forgings.
36 MT Hydraulic Turbine ShaftL&T is a global major, providing end-to-end rubber processing machinery solutions to the tyre and 
rubber industry. It markets its own products that are manufactured at its plant in Kancheepuram, 
as well as certain products manufactured by Kobelco Industrial Machinery India Pvt. Ltd.
• Top OTR tyre-curing machinery manufacturer in the world
• Successful acceptance of new-generation hydraulic tyre curing presses and Zeus OTR tyre-building machine
• Successful launch of Zeus single-stage two-wheeler tyre-building Machine
• Value-added programming and analytical services for the tyre industryKey Achievements
National Award for Indigenous Development 
of SG Forgings: Technology Development Board
(TDB), GOI
National Sustainability Award: Ferrous Category
- Indian Institute of MetalsAwards and RecognitionKey Offerings
Mechanical Tyre Curing Presses
Hydraulic Tyre Curing Presses
Tyre Building Machines
Tyre Plant Solutions – Built-to-print / Custom-built Machinery
Internal Mixers
Twin Screw Roller-head ExtrudersSnapshot
Years of Experience
Distinct Product Segments
Order Inﬂow49
4
` 4.08 BnValue
Countries Machines45+ 4,500 + 
Global tyre manufacturers as clientsTop 7 Track RecordKey Offerings
Custom-built heavy forgings and thick plates in carbon 
steels, alloy steels and stainless steels
Snapshot
New Orders 67
` 1,210  MnValue
Tonnage   5000  MT
Samudrayaan Titanium Forgings
EO Reactor 330 mm thick segments
Pressuriser Forgings: GHAVP 700 MWe PHWR
Arun III Hydropower Project: 50 MT Hydro ShaftsMACHINERY & INDUSTRIAL
PRODUCTS
47 Rubber Processing Machinery | Machinery & Industrial Products | HI-TECH MANUFACTURING 46
Single Stage Tyre Building Machine
48 49
TBR Hydraulic PressRubber Processing Machinery
Annual Review FY 21

L&T 2490 Pneumatic Tyred Roller ensures better sealing
L&T's KSM 304C Surface Miner deployed in the Limestone Industry
Komatsu PC3000 Electrical Shovel supplied
by L&T to the Coal Industry
of experience75+ years
Service Centres
for machine repairof models in
each product category 6machines active in the market 40,000 +
Wide  rangeTrack Record Milestones
Across 75 years, L&T has supplied over 60,000 
machines to the Indian market, including excavators,
loaders, dozers, graders, dumpers, tippers , compactors
and others of various brands and capacities.
Komatsu PC210-10M0 Hydraulic Excavator crossed 
the 1000-number mark and became the most 
successful model and fastest-selling machine in the 
construction equipment segment.
Komatsu's mining models have crossed signiﬁcant 
milestones during the year -
HD785 Dump Trucks - 60,000 Hrs
PC2000 Hydraulic Excavators - 50,000 Hrs
PC1250 Hydraulic Excavators- 50,000 Hrs
L&T Product Development Centre
This in-house R&D Centre at Coimbatore is staffed 
with highly-skilled and experienced design engineers.  
The Centre is involved in the design and development 
of a range of products with innovative technology 
and rapid prototyping.Subsidiary
L&T Construction Equipment Limited (LTCEL), a 
wholly-owned subsidiary of L&T, manufactures 
indigenously designed road construction equipment 
and high-precision hydraulic systems and
components at its factory near Bengaluru.
CONSTRUCTION & MINING MACHINERY
L&T’s Construction & Mining Machinery business has completed 75 years of active association and glorious contribution 
to the industry. A pioneer in the Indian construction and mining machinery industry, L&T supplies equipment to the 
infrastructure, irrigation and mining sectors. Its comprehensive range of high-quality and reliable equipment matches 
global performance standards. 
The CEV-IV compliant L&T 990HFi Tandem Compactor
 Komatsu PC71 - the smallest size Hydraulic Excavator offered by L&TSnapshot
Products marketed for 
Komatsu – India & Global
Scania CV India Private Limited
L&T Construction Equipment Limited 
Larsen & Toubro Limited - Kansbahal Works
New Launches 
Komatsu PC3000 electrical shovel, the largest-size
machine supplied by Komatsu in 300-tonne class in
the Indian market, was assembled and commissioned
at site despite the COVID-19 constraints.
Komatsu WA470-6 side discharge loader 
Special attachment slope compactor, produced
indigenously by LTCEL
Under the machine care programme, L&T launched
Suraksha 10000 and Kavach-7500 for Komatsu
PC210-10M0 Hydraulic Excavator  
49 Construction & Mining Machinery | HI-TECH MANUFACTURING 48
50 51Key Offerings
Machines
• Hydraulic Excavators
• Rear Dump Trucks
• Crawler Dozers
• Wheel Loaders
• Wheel Dozers
• Motor Graders
• Tipper Trucks
• Vibratory Compactors – Soil & Asphalt
• Pneumatic Tyred Rollers
• Asphalt Paver Finishers
• Skid Steer Loaders
• Surface Miners
• Sand Plants
• Crushing Solutions
• Apron Feeders
Special Attachments
• Rock Breakers & Breaker Booms
• Crusher Buckets 
• Slope Compactor 
• Quick Couplers
• Piling Products 
Scania G500 Heavy Tipper
Annual Review FY 21
Defence & Aerospace
L&T’s defence solutions encompass land-based weapon systems, air 
defence and artillery systems and upgrades, naval weapon launch 
systems with ﬁre-control systems, combat engineering systems, 
communication, avionics, C4I and missile systems. L&T designs and 
builds critical aerospace components, tracking and launch systems 
for space missions as well as for the Armed Forces.
L&T has provided critical subsystems
for most of India's space missions
Modular Bridging Systems
Lightweight Torpedo Launcher
Pinaka Multi Barrel Rocket Launcher
Anti-Submarine Rocket LauncherL&T partners the DRDO and the Indian Armed Forces in the 
development of defence products, systems and platforms across 
land, sea and air operations, in line with its commitment to ‘Make in 
India’. The Company has state-of-the-art facilities for manufacturing 
weapons & engineering systems, aerospace solutions and naval ships, 
helping the Armed Forces gain the decisive edge.
L&T provides indigenous design-to-delivery 
solutions – from surveillance to strike.
Its aerospace offerings add thrust to
India’s space programme.Defence & Aerospace
Defence ShipbuildingDEFENCE
K9 Vajra-T Self-propelled Howitzer at Republic Day Parade rehearsal in New Delhi
51 Defence & Aerospace | DEFENCE | HI-TECH MANUFACTURING 50Key Offerings
Guns and Armoured Systems
Missiles and Aerospace Systems
Avionics, Sensors and Robotics
Submarines and Underwater Platforms
Weapon and Engineering Systems
Unmanned Systems
Radar Systems
Snapshot
Key Geographies
EuropeIsrael India
South
East Asia
Manufacturing Facilities
in India7
52 53Annual Review FY 21Image courtesy ISRO
Defence Shipbuilding
L&T offers a range of ocean-going vessels for defence including frontline warships, submarines, auxiliary vessels 
and special naval platforms. L&T's Warship Design Centre, equipped with state-of-the-art software and
associated tools, undertakes high-end design – from concept to production drawings. 
L&T also designs and manufactures critical ship systems. Through-life support and obsolescence-management 
offered by L&T extend the operational life of platforms considerably.
Offshore Patrol Vessel for Indian Coast Guard2
3
1Key Offerings
Ocean-going vessels for defence, including: 
• Frontline Warships
• Submarines 
•  Auxiliary Vessels 
• Special Naval PlatformsSnapshot
Facilities
Shipyards
Interceptor Boats
Offshore Patrol VesselsDelivered Orders (FY 20-21)
53 Valves | HI-TECH MANUFACTURING 52
54 55
Floating Dock for Indian NavyVALVES
Manufacturing Locations
IndiaSaudi Arabia USASnapshotKey Offerings
Gate, Globe and Check Valves
Pipeline & Process Ball Valves 
Triple-offset & Elastomer-lined Butterﬂy Valves
DBB Plug Valves
Control Valves
SIL3-capable Automation Solutions including HIPPS
Digital Products & Solutions
Aftermarket Solutions
Knowledge-sharing Programmes
Sectors Served
Oil & Gas Power Defence
Nuclear Reﬁning Aerospace
Petrochemicals Fertiliser Chemicals
Track Record
Approved and accepted by
global majors in the oil, gas
and power sectorsCelebrating 59 years of excellence
Valves in operation
in 61 countries5
Pipelines Pharmaceuticals Water
Bellow-seal and Cryogenic Valves for green and clean servicesL&T Valves Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of L&T, is a leader in 
ﬂow-control solutions. Leveraging its global manufacturing footprint 
and a heritage for excellence that spans six decades, the Company 
offers unmatched customer satisfaction. The portfolio includes products 
monogrammed API 600, API 594, API 6D, API 609 and API 603 valves 
with CE, ATEX and SIL certiﬁcations, as well as IIoT-ready digital 
solutions. Its marketing network spans the globe, reinforced by 
strategic alliances with key distributors.
Annual Review FY 21
56 57Larsen & Toubro has over three decades of experience in the service 
sector, offering solutions, including technology-based ones, in several 
vital areas.  Its smart world and communication services help to protect 
citizens from natural calamities and crime, and assist the military. Setting 
the gold standard in the sector, L&T’s realty business undertakes timely 
delivery of prime commercial and residential spaces. L&T’s information 
technology solutions comprise cutting-edge solutions at the convergence 
of the physical and digital worlds. The Company’s technology services 
cover a wide spectrum of ER&D solutions for global clients, enhancing 
efﬁciency and cost-effectiveness. L&T’s ﬁnancial services business offers a 
wide range of both lending and non-lending-based ﬁnancial products, 
beneﬁtting over 15 million customers.
L&T’s service offerings are built on the core 
values of commitment and transparency, 
coupled with a customer-ﬁrst approach, 
delivering customer delight across the globe.Information Technology
Technology Services
Smart World & Communication
Realty
Financial ServicesSERVICES

Digital Transformation Advantage
LTI is leveraging new-age technical approaches to enable 
solutions and accelerators for new operating models, 
direct-to-customer initiatives, workplace modernisation, 
and enhanced security and privacy. 
Industry-relevant themes
• Unlimited enterprise – to enable modernisation and   
 transformation
• Insightful enterprise – to democratise data and   
 democratise decisions
• Reimagined enterprise – to enable a modern and   
 simpliﬁed core reimagine processes
• Engaged enterprise – to engage employees and   
 customers
Proven platforms: Mosaic, Canvas, Leni 
Partnerships for Cloud: AWS, Azure, GCP, IBM, 
Snowﬂake and moreINFORMATION TECHNOLOGY
LTI, a global technology consulting and digital solutions company, delivers best-in-class experience in the new normal 
and continues to solve complex problems across industries. 
With a sharp focus on Data, Cloud and Digital, LTI anticipates and leads the change to be always in the leader’s 
quadrant for proﬁtable growth, driven by its new ways of working, and innovative solutions like xFH, SafeRadius, 
Canvas and Inﬁnity Cloud Platform. 
LTI’s Yin-Yang model is helping the Company adopt hybrid working at scale to respond to the challenges posed by the 
pandemic and changing paradigms. LTI's responsible initiatives towards energy efﬁciency and natural resource 
management, society and community support, DEI (diversity, equity and inclusivity), strong data privacy and security 
allow it to focus on Environment, Social and Governance (ESG) parameters to drive sustainability across the value chain.
Track Record 
Indian IT Player6th Largest
 Employees Working
out of 35 Delivery Centres35,000 + 
• Poweupcloud Technologies
• Lymbyc
• AugmentIQ
• Syncordis
• Ruletronics 
• NIELSEN+PARTNER
• Cuelogicincluding 71 Fortune 500
Companies425+ Clients
7 Acquisitions since listingSolving for the Great RestructuringKey Recognitions
Ranked the fastest growing brand in Brand Finance IT Services 25 2021 ranking
Ranked 75th in Business India’s Super 100 Annual Rankings
Topped the list of ‘IT Services Challenger 2021’ in Everest Group’s PEAK Matrix Service Provider of the Year™ Awards
Recognised as a Top Employer 2021 in the UK by the Top Employers Institute
Recognised as the ‘Great Place to Work’ 2021 in the USA
Conferred the Golden Peacock National Quality Award 2021
Leads the Institutional Investor’s 2021 All Asia Executive Team Ranking
LTI headquarters, Mumbai
57 LTI | Information Technology | SERVICES 56Key GeographiesSnapshot
UK
PolandEurop eGermany
Denmark
IndiaUAE / GCC
Singapore
China
Japan
Philippines
Austra liaUSA
Canada
Costa Rica
Mexico
South
AfricaFrance
54 Sales Ofﬁces across 
31Countries in the US, EMEA & APAC
Mosaic Experience Centre
58 59LTI
Annual Review FY 21
59 Mindtree | Information Technology | SERVICES 58Mindtree [NSE: MINDTREE] is a global technology consulting and services company, helping enterprises marry scale with 
agility to achieve a competitive advantage. 'Born digital,' in 1999 and now a Larsen & Toubro Group Company, Mindtree 
applies its deep domain knowledge to well over 250 enterprise client engagements, helping them break down silos, make 
sense of digital complexity, and bring new initiatives to market faster. Mindtree enables IT to move at the speed of business, 
leveraging emerging technologies and the efﬁciencies of continuous delivery to spur business innovation. As a leader in 
digital transformation, Mindtree helps deliver cutting-edge services and solutions to customers across industry sectors such as 
Communications, Media and Technology (CMT), Retail, CPG and Manufacturing (RCM), Banking, Financial Services and 
Insurance (BFSI), Travel, Transport and Hospitality and Healthcare. Operating in 24 countries across the world, Mindtree is 
consistently regarded as one of the best places to work, powered by the Company’s winning culture made up of over 
32,000 (as of September 30th, 2021) entrepreneurial, collaborative and dedicated Mindtree Minds.Mindtree
Key Offerings
Customer Success 
Mindtree delivers insightful digital experiences in an agile, secure, and resilient manner. The Company’s deep-rooted digital 
engineering expertise and ﬂuency with AI-based tools enable it to scale-up at non-linear costs. By applying analytics and 
cutting-edge technologies, Mindtree helps leading brands enhance customer experience, and go to market with the right 
offerings, to the right audience, at the right time. 
Data and Intelligence 
With an optimal mix of AI and human intelligence, Mindtree provides analytical solutions that convert data into actionable 
insights. The Company helps clients implement and realize the right data strategy to drive improved business outcomes. 
From conceptualizing data strategy, to identifying the right use cases for AI and analytics and implementing appropriate data 
architecture, Mindtree provides end-to-end data services and helps deliver value.
Cloud and Infra
Mindtree partners with customers in their cloud transformation journeys, helping them evaluate their existing technology 
landscape, establish the end-state view, move to cloud, operate efﬁciently, and unlock value using Application Programming 
Interfaces (APIs) and cloud-native development. The underlying objective is to make IT steadfast, secure, cost-effective, 
adaptive, and outcome-driven. 
Enterprise IT 
At the center of Mindtree’s Enterprise IT service line lies the determination to enable clients to transform their technology 
ecosystems. The Company aims to deliver zero-cost transformations in a steady manner, while deploying new-age monitoring 
and support systems. This is made possible by its intelligent platforms that automate the entire IT service delivery lifecycle. 
Consulting 
Mindtree accelerates transformation at the intersection of business, technology, and experience. It drives growth by solving 
complex business problems swiftly, via a design-centric, agile, and platform-driven method. Mindtree helps clients tackle the 
present and focus on what's next, delivering outcomes by combining its service and consulting expertise.Track Record 
Centres of Excellence12
Clients260+
Mindtree Minds29,000 +
Hypergrowth with Hyperscalers
Digital Pumpkin - Innovation Centre, Bengaluru
Mindtree West Campus, Bengaluru
Accolades
• Named a 'Major Contender' by Everest Group in its ‘Software Product Engineering Services PEAK Matrix® Assessment 
 2021’ and ‘Application and Digital Services in Banking PEAK Matrix® Assessment 2021: Global Focus’ reports.
• Named among 40 customer analytics service providers in Forrester’s ‘Now Tech:
 Customer Analytics Service Providers, Q2 2021’ report.
• Ranked second for client satisfaction in the 2021 UK IT Sourcing Study, conducted by Whitelane Research in  
 collaboration with PA Consulting, with an overall satisfaction score of 80%, well above the industry average of 72%.
• Ranked amongst the top 5 companies in India with the highest ESG (Environmental, Social and Governance)
 scores in an evaluation by CRISIL Ltd. that analyzed three annual reporting cycles of 225 companies across 18 sectors 
 through ﬁscal 2020. 
• Won the BW Businessworld HR Excellence Award 2021 for employee welfare.
• Honored by the Association for Talent Development (ATD) with BEST awards for demonstrating enterprise-wide success 
 as a result of employee talent development. 
• Certiﬁed by Great Place to Work® Institute as a Great Place to Work® in India and recognized as one among India’s 
 Best Workplaces™ for Women for 2021 (Top 50 – Large Companies).
• Won three Brandon Hall Group Human Capital Management Excellence Awards for 2021 for innovative leadership 
 development, HR data analytics, and employee beneﬁts, wellness and well-being programs.Snapshot
Key Geographies
Germany
Neth erlandsPoland
Sweden
IndiaUAE
Singapore
China
Japan
Malaysia
Austra liaUSA
Ireland
SwitzerlandCanada
South
AfricaFrance
42 Ofﬁces across 24 CountriesUK
60 61Azure, Google Cloud, Service Now & Salesforce
Annual Review FY 21
Smart Industry Control conceptTECHNOLOGY SERVICES
L&T Technology Services Limited (LTTS) is a leading global pure-play Engineering Research & Development (ER&D) services 
company. It offers design and development solutions throughout the product development lifecycle, and provides services 
and solutions in the areas of digital products and services, digital manufacturing services, plant engineering, application 
engineering, mechanical and embedded systems. LTTS offers specialized services and solutions in new-age technology areas 
such as Electric Autonomous Connected Vehicles (EACV), 5G, Digital Manufacturing, AI/ML driven Smart Offerings, 
Sustainability and Medtech. LTTS’ customer base includes 69 Fortune 500 companies and 57 of the world’s top engineering 
research and development (ER&D) companies, across transportation, industrial products, telecom & hi-tech, medical devices 
and plant engineering. 
Key Offerings
LTTS has strategically aligned its offerings to support customers in the 'new normal'. These offerings include:
Electric Autonomous Connected Vehicles (EACV): New technologies, changing consumer preferences and increased 
regulation is reshaping the automotive industry. LTTS' innovations in the EACV segment, is helping clients develop 
cutting-edge transportation technologies.
5G: The ﬁfth generation of telecom services is set to revolutionise the way LTTS looks at connectivity. LTTS has developed 
several accelerators and automation frameworks and is well-poised to reduce customer's time-to-market, thereby helping 
them stay ahead of the curve.
Digital Manufacturing: New social distancing norms call for digital prototyping and manufacturing with minimal contact to 
support both the economy and society at large. LTTS' Industry 4.NOW digital framework empowers manufacturers to tackle 
the new set of challenges in the post-pandemic world.
AI/ML driven Smart Offerings: AI/ML-driven offerings are opening untethered possibilities for continued business growth. 
Armed with these technologies, LTTS is pushing the frontiers of innovation and creating new possibilities for a smarter world.
Sustainability: With the vision of building a sustainable world, LTTS is helping its customers expand the use of renewable 
energy, drive water conservation measures, reduce carbon emissions and develop Net Zero products.
Medtech: Emergence of technology-based use cases, adoption of key healthcare policies, and shifts in consumer behaviour 
are disrupting the healthcare industry. With years of innovation expertise and 50+ patents in the healthcare domain, LTTS 
provides a host of offerings to help providers and OEMs to tap into these emerging technologies in the new normal.
62 63
Track Record 
Fortune 500 Companies
as customers69
repeat business from
customers over last 3 years90% pure-play ER&D services
provider from India since
listing in 2016#1 
• Everest Group positioned LTTS as a leader in 
 Industry 4.0 services in its PEAK Matrix® 
 Assessment 2020
• Zinnov Zones rated LTTS as a leader across Digital 
 Engineering, IoT, AI and Digital Thread and 
 positioned LTTS in the Leadership zone in 6 major 
 verticals for the fourth consecutive year
• ISG Group rated LTTS as Leader in Smart  
 Manufacturing services for Automotive & Hi-TechIndustry Recognition
• Robotic Endo-Trainer Kit
• State-of-the-art Electric Vehicle (EV) Lab
• Integrated 3D Plant Digitisation Centre of Excellence 
• AI-based chest X-Ray analysis system, Chest rAITM
• Solar Connectivity Drone
• Built world’s ﬁrst autonomous welding robot
• Designed India’s ﬁrst affordable blood cell counterEngineering ExcellenceSnapshot
Key Geographies
72 R&D Labs,  28 Global Ofﬁces,
17,900+ EmployeesUK
IsraelEurope
IndiaUAE / GCC
SingaporeMalaysia
JapanSouth
Korea USA
Canada
AustraliaSouth
Africa 
61 LTTS | Technology Services | SERVICES 60
Headquartered at Knowledge City, Vadodara, L&T Technology Services helps clients gain the competitive
edge by building smart products, enabling smart manufacturing and offering smart services.
Think studioLTTS
Annual Review FY 21
SMART WORLD & COMMUNICATION
Data Centre, Technology Innovation Centre, ChennaiKey Offerings
Smart Cities and Smart Infrastructure
Advanced Metering Solutions
Safe Cities
Communication Network and Telecom Infra
Cyber Security 
Military Communication SystemsSnapshot
Key Locations
Jaipur
Nagpur
Hyderabad
Ahmedabad
Vadodara
Pune  
MumbaiDelhi
Lucknow
Raipur
Allahabad
Bhubaneswar
Visakhapatnam
Chennai
63 Smart World & Communication | SERVICES 62
64 65L&T Smart World & Communication (SW&C) is committed 
to enhancing the quality of life through technology and 
digital interventions. As a master system integrator, the 
business provides technical solutions and services in the 
domains of Safe, Smart, Communication and Digital 
Technologies. SW&C leverages its technical prowess to 
solve problems through smart, scalable solutions for 
security, urban services, trafﬁc, transportation, utilities and 
offers solution in the space of communication and digital 
connectivity. The business is playing a crucial role in COVID 
relief through its smart technological and innovative 
solutions in various cities across the country.
The Military Communication segment offers Command, 
Control, Communications, Computers, Intelligence, 
Surveillance and Reconnaissance (C4ISR) systems and 
Satcom solutions that empower military forces with the 
most advanced fully integrated systems to enhance their 
decision-making capability and, in turn, to increase their 
operational effectiveness.
With a diversiﬁed team of more than 800 professionals, 
including IOT engineers, data scientists, domain experts, 
cyber security experts, project management and operations professionals, the business has successfully implemented 
and is maintaining operations in more than 25 cities in the 
country, and has digitally enabled 13 states through various 
Government programmes. The business is executing the 
advanced metering infra for 50 lakh smart meters in U.P, 
Haryana and New Delhi.
The business is focusing on enhancing its services and 
solutions offerings further in next-gen technology areas – 
artiﬁcial intelligence, picture intelligence, facial recognition, 
cyber security, smart energy, machine learning, etc.
SW&C has launched L&T Fusion – an augmented 
intelligence platform to solve problems of cities, law 
enforcement agencies and critical infra. This initiative will 
help the business to transform into a thought partner for 
cities and law enforcement agencies through continuous 
problem-solving by leveraging IOT, AI and mobility 
technologies. 
The Centre of Excellence team at Hyderabad, coupled with 
the Technology Excellence Centre at Chennai and the R&D 
facility at Bengaluru, is developing new-age solutions such 
as energy analytics, edge-based video solutions, network 
management system, TETRA and 5G.
Command Control Centre, Technology Innovation Centre, Chennai
 Variable Message Display, Pimpri-Chinchwad
 GSAT-20 Ground Station, Ahmedabad
Annual Review FY 21
Highlights
25+           
1.5 Mn      
32,000+    
22,000+    
1,000+      
6,000+      
12,000+    
750+       
Early Warning
Dissemination
System, Odisha
 Smart Pole, Vizag
 Data Centre, Hyderabad
65 Smart World & Communication | SERVICES 64
66 67New Orders
1
1
13 Track Record
Projects45Safe City 
Communication Network 
Critical Communication
Commissioned Projects FY 21
2
1
31
1Smart Cities 
Safe City 
Metro Communication 
Critical Infra Security 
GSAT ProjectsCCCs / DCs
Smart Meter AMI
CCTVs
Access Points
Variable Message Displays
ICT for Schools/Colleges
GPs GPON Connectivity
ATCS & ITMS
Jhansi Smart City, Integrated Command & Control Centre
Annual Review FY 21
Total Development 70 mn. sq. ft
Residential47 mn. sq. ft
Commercial & Retail23 mn. sq. ft
REALTY
L&T Realty specialises in the execution of large residential, mixed-use, and transit-oriented developments. Today, after a decade 
in the real estate business, it is one of the most trusted brands and is respected for its customer centricity and efﬁcient design. 
The true reﬂection of consumer focus comes from insight-driven master planning and product development. The business 
derives its competitive advantage from transparency, cutting-edge technologies, and superior project management skills – to 
create landmarks that meet global standards. Amongst the 120 plus awards and accolades, L&T Realty was conferred the ‘Best 
Consumer Centric Company’ from Customer FEST leadership Awards 2020.
Key Offerings
Mixed-use integrated developments
Transit-oriented developments
Residential complexes
Commercial and retail spaces
Built-to-suit projects
Key Clients
JPMC, Colgate, Sanoﬁ, WeWork, Ansell, Henkel
Teva Pharma, Koch Industries, Tibco, SBI Life
and many more...
Development Portfolio
L&T Tech Park , Bengaluru
L&T Powai West, Mumbai
67 Realty | SERVICES 66Artist's impression
Artist's impressionKey LocationsSnapshot
Project & Sales OfﬁceMumbai and
Navi Mumba i  
BengaluruFaridab ad
ChennaiHyderaba d
68 69
Annual Review FY 21
Rejuve 360 - Mulund, Mumbai
 Crescent Bay - Parel, Mumbai
Apartments51,000 
Specialised Luxury Retail1,05,00,000 sq.ft.Ofﬁce Desks3,00,000Projects Track Record 
Large, Gated and
Mixed-use Developments13+
Slum-dwellers
Rehoused 10,000 +
Domestic and
International Awards120+
Happy Families16,500
L&T Seawoods Grand Central - Navi Mumbai
L&T Innovation Campus, Chennai
69 Realty | SERVICES 68
Seawoods Residences - Navi MumbaiArtist's impression Artist's impression Artist's impression
Artist's impression
70 71Key Awards
•Best Reality Brand - Economic Times, 2021 
• Business Excellence in Real Estate - CNN News 18, 2020 
• Most Trusted Brand - Hindustan Times, 2020
Artist's impression
Annual Review FY 21
FINANCIAL SERVI CES
LTFH
L&T Finance Holdings (LTFH) is a leading, well-diversiﬁed Non-Banking Financial Company (NBFC) with a focused range of 
ﬁnancial products and services across rural, housing and infrastructure ﬁnance, along with mutual funds. L&T Financial Services 
is the brand name of LTFH.
Over the past few years, the Company has successfully harnessed the power of digital and data analytics to enhance portfolio 
quality, achieve scale, increase cost efﬁciency and build market leading products. 
The idea of social responsibility to empower the less privileged and enhance their livelihoods is at the heart of the Company’s 
corporate culture. The Company also takes its ESG responsibility seriously and certiﬁed a constituent company in the 
FTSE4Good Index Series, two times in a row.
L&T Financial Services remains committed to creating sustainable value for all stakeholders.
Micro
LoansConsumer
LoansFarm Equipment
FinanceTwo-Wheeler
FinanceRural
Finance
Real Estate
FinanceHome
LoansLoan against
PropertyHousing
Finance
Infrastructure
Finance
Investment
Management
Mutual FundInfra
FinanceInfra Debt
Fund
Lending
Businesses
Non-Lending
BusinessMeeting Centres1,395
Branches197Nationwide PresenceSnapshot
 Key Offerings
Track Record
Market ShareBook size` 9,40,130 Mn
Customer base111+ Lakh 
Two-Wheeler Finance
 Micro Loans
Farm Equipment Finance
 Housing Finance
71 LTFH | Financial Services | SERVICES 70
72 73ESG Rankings
MSCI ESG Ratings – A 
FTSE4Good Index Series – Certiﬁed
as a constituent company
Sustainalytics – 28.2: Medium risk of experiencing
material ﬁnancial impacts from ESG factorAwards
• Golden Peacock Award for Corporate Social
 Responsibility, 2020
• FICCI Corporate Social Responsibility Award for
 Women Empowerment, 2020
• Business Standard Social Excellence Award 2019
 Most Socially Aware Corporate of the Year
 (March 2020)
Credit Ratings
Rated AAA by four rating agencies:
Increased market share to become one of the largest 
Farm Equipment Financiers
Continues to be one of the leading players in Micro 
Loans, Two-Wheeler Finance and Renewable Finance
FY21 FY20 FY16Retailisation
Continues to deliver on the retailisation strategyCRISIL
ICRA
CARE
India Ratings
26% 40% 43%
Annual Review FY 21
Smart classroom fosters learning - A CSR initiative
73 SUSTAINABILITY 72SUSTAINABILITY
L&T is one of the ﬁrst few organisations in India to voluntarily set sustainability targets aligned with the Company’s Business 
Plan LAKSHYA 2021. 
The Company publishes its Integrated Report every year which is based on the International Integrated Reporting Framework 
(IIRC) and Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards. The report demonstrates the interlinkage between the various capitals, 
i.e. Financial, Natural, Intellectual, Manufactured, Social and Relationship and Human capitals. It discusses in detail the 
organisation’s strategy, governance, social, environmental and economic context within which company operates.
L&T believes that sustainability is all about imbibing informed, responsible and inclusive business practices. L&T views 
sustainability through the lens of its core values, consciously and continuously aligning its activities for the beneﬁt of its 
stakeholders. 
L&T is investing and growing equitably in all Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) initiatives to improve its 
sustainability performance. By embracing a digital future, robust risk management process, strong stakeholder dialogues, 
and connectivity of information, the Company continues to deliver products and services designed to create a better world 
for everyone.
Thrust Areas
Accolades
Large scale solar-cum-storage project in the Andaman Islands
74 75• L&T was conferred the prestigious HR Excellence  
 Award by The Economic Times’ HRWorld.
• L&T’s Integrated Report has been declared a  
 winner in the Best Integrated Report category by  
 the Social and Business Enterprise Responsible  
 Awards (SABERA), supported by Grant Thornton  
 Bharat.
• L&T was conferred the prestigious CSR Shining  
 Star Award in the ‘Skills’ category by Wockhardt  
 Foundation.
• Won over ~100 awards in safety, quality 
 excellence and other areas
Better Communities Better Planet Better Business
128
Mn kWh
energy saved since 200842%
increase in recycled or eco-friendly
materials use since FY16
29.6%
revenue from Green Portfolio 28.87
Mn kWh
renewable energy used on our
premises in FY 21
109,428
Tonnes
carbon emission avoided by energy 
conservation initiatives (2008-2021)
57%
of wastewater recycled in FY219%
reduction in energy consumption2.1
GW
of utility-scale solar plants
commissioned3.2
million
manhours - safety training
1.2
million
beneﬁciaries in health, education,
water &sanitation and
skill-building In FY21
23
States
across India provided with physical
and digital infrastructure support
to combat Covid-19 pandemic.
Drinking water and shade for Pipeline workmen in Bankura Indpur
 Digitization initiative to enhance safety
Annual Review FY 21
CBMC/102021
76 1 1
Annual
Review 2021
Larsen & Toubro Limited
L&T House, N.M. Marg, Ballard Estate, Mumbai 400001, INDIA
CIN: L99999MH1946PLC004768 
#TechnologyForSustainableGrowthwww.Larsentoubro.com
www.Larsentoubro.com