















Awards & Recognition | L&T Corporate | L&T India
























































Media


Contact Us




Investors




Group Websites














































L&T Group Websites






Corporate






Corporate – Arabic






GreenTech






Heavy Engineering






Hydrocarbon






LTIMindtree






L&T Construction






L&T Construction & Mining Machinery






L&T Finance






L&T Howden






L&T Hydraulics






L&T Infrastructure Finance Company Limited






L&T Institute of Project Management






L&T Technology Services






L&T Kuwait Construction






L&T MBDA Missile Systems Limited






L&T Metro Rail (Hyderabad) Limited






L&T-MHI Power Boilers 






L&T-MHI Power Turbine Generators






L&T Precision Engineering and Systems






L&T Realty






L&T-Sargent & Lundy Limited






L&T Special Steels and Heavy Forgings






L&T-SuFin






L&T Valves Limited






Nabha Power Limited






Power






L&T Public Charitable Trust






Rubber Processing Machinery






Shipbuilding






L&T Skill Trainers Academy




















 




























Home






About L&T Group










Overview






Technology for Growth






Awards & Recognition






Annual Review






Leadership






Facilities






Video Gallery






Vision






Experience Centre - Mumbai 






Corporate Policies














Our Businesses






Sustainability










Overview






Climate Strategy






Environment






Green Business






Sustainable Supply Chain






Integrated Report






Corporate Social Responsibility






Sustainability Updates






Health & Safety






Sustainable Development Goals 














Products And Services






Careers










Overview






Current Openings






Learning & Development






Diversity, Equity & Inclusion






Recruitment Caution






Campus Recruitment






Renew: Career Re-entry for Women














Media






Contact Us






Investors






















About L&T Group


Awards & Recognition






Print














Awards & Recognition
















Corporate


Individual


Sustainability












2024






L&T ranked among Top 10 in Randstad Employer Brand Report 




Larsen & Toubro reaffirmed its brand perception as an ‘employer of choice’ by featuring among the Top 10 in the list of companies in the prestigious Employer Brand Report 2024 by Randstad, the Dutch multinational human resource consulting firm.


According to the Randstad Employer Brand Research (REBR) India report released on 7 August, 2024 L&T ranked 8th among the ‘top employers to work for in India’ and 2nd within the Energy & Infrastructure category.








2023






L&T wins recognition from Brandon Hall Group 




L&T won the Gold award in the Diversity, Equity, & Inclusion category for Best Advance in Leadership Development Program for Women from the Brandon Hall Group. Additionally, L&T picked up a Bronze award in the Learning & Development category for Best Advance in Creating Learning Strategy.


 


In addition, our Construction Skills Training Institute (CSTI) was also recognised for their initiatives in skill development and blended learning programmes. The 2023 Brandon Hall Group HCM Excellence Awards™ recognise best practices for initiatives in Learning and Development, Talent Management, Leadership Development, Talent Acquisition, Human Resources, Sales Performance, Diversity, Equity, & Inclusion, and the Future of Work.












L&T recognised as one of India’s Best Employers among Nation-Builders 2023 by GPTW 




L&T was recognised as one of India’s Best Employers among Nation-Builders 2023 by Great Place to Work (GPTW).


 


Additionally, L&T received two more Great Place to Work recognitions


1. Best Workplaces in Construction & Infrastructure – L&T Construction


2. Best Workplaces in Real estate – L&T Realty








2022






FICCI Quality Awards for 3 L&T businesses 




At the 9th FICCI Quality Systems Excellence Awards for Industry, L&T Energy - Hydrocarbon (LTEH) and L&T Heavy Engineering (HE) received Platinum awards for their construction and manufacturing businesses respectively. In addition, the Company's Transportation Infrastructure’s (TI) Railway Strategic Business Unit, won a Gold Award for the Electrical & Mechanical Package-4 that it is implementing as part of the Dedicated Freight Corridor from Rewari (Haryana) to Makarpura (Gujarat).
FICCI bestows the awards on organisations which put in place high-performance and robust quality systems that help upgrade internal systems to become globally competitive.












L&T wins BML Munjal Award 2022 in the Sustained Excellence Category 




L&T won the coveted BML Munjal Award 2022 for ‘Business Excellence through Learning and Development’ in the Sustained Excellence category at the 16th edition of the BML Munjal Awards organised by Hero Enterprise. The award was handed over by the Hon’ble Vice President of India, Shri. Jagdeep Dhankar at a specially organised award ceremony on 13 September 2022.


 


The award, in recognition of L&T’s investments in people through sustainable programmes like development centres, leadership development programmes, and online learning, was decided by a jury of eminent personalities drawn from a cross-section of industries and society.


 


The BML Munjal Awards for ‘Business Excellence through Learning and Development' felicitate and salute organisations that stand out for the quality of their human resources.












L&T among top 10 of LinkedIn’s 25 best workplaces in India 




L&T was featured in the top 10 of LinkedIn’s 2022 Top Companies list in India. This recognition reaffirms L&T’s continuous efforts for the last several years in taking resolute steps towards fostering and promoting talent.


 


This is the second successive occasion when L&T has featured in LinkedIn’s Top Companies list of best workplaces in India. What makes this recognition commendable is that L&T was the only infrastructure company to feature in the top 10 of 25 companies among which are a number of IT, e-commerce and consulting organisations in India.


 


The list was the outcome of a rigorous study of LinkedIn’s 740 million global members.








2021






L&T Hydrocarbon Engineering Tops EPC Contractors List in Middle East 




L&T Hydrocarbon Engineering (LTHE) was ranked as the ‘Top EPC Contractor in the Middle East’ by Oil & Gas Middle East magazine, the region’s leading publication focused on the upstream oil and gas industry.


 


The magazine’s editors credited LTHE’s top finish to a steady stream of projects out of Saudi Arabia and improved financial performance for FY 19-20, despite strong headwinds and difficulties faced by the clients. Anticipating uncertainties owing to the pandemic, the Company worked closely with its clients to manage delays better than other contractors in the global energy market.












L&T ranked 4th on LinkedIn’s Top Companies India List 




Larsen & Toubro was ranked fourth on LinkedIn’s 2021 Top Companies List in India. In 2019 L&T was ranked 23. L&T is the only infrastructure company to feature in the Top 10.


 


LinkedIn's ranking helps employees identify the top organisations that will help them build a professional foundation that sets them up for success both at the company and beyond. The list celebrates companies with great cultures and the ones that put their employees first and give them opportunities to grow.












L&T Earns HR Excellence Award 




L&T was conferred the prestigious HR Excellence Award in the ‘Innovation in Onboarding’ category for its first-ever virtual GET/ PGET Onboarding programme, Prayag. The award has been instituted by The Economic Times’ HRWorld in collaboration with OLX People, with EY as official tabulators.
The award was received by Dr. C. Jayakumar, Vice President & Head HR – Corporate Human Resources (CHR), on behalf of L&T at a virtual event held on March 5, 2021.
L&T earned the award for demonstrating its commitment to investing in its future by designing the unique onboarding programme for 900+ GETs/ PGETs. Prayag introduced them to L&T’s ethos, processes, and operational structure. It was 100% remote and designed and executed in record time. Initiatives like remote joining, virtual induction, the ‘Know Your Leader’ series and virtual tours were institutionalised as best practices.
The coveted award felicitates the accomplishments of HR professionals in the sphere of recruitment and talent acquisition. The initiatives of the participating organisations were evaluated on several critical parameters – such as uniqueness, execution strategy, impact created sustainability and scalability.


 












L&T Hydrocarbon Engineering Wins ‘EPC Company of the Year’ at FIPI Awards 




L&T Hydrocarbon Engineering (LTHE) won the  ‘Engineering Procurement Construction (EPC) - Company of the Year’ award for the year 2020 conferred by the Federation of Indian Petroleum Industry (FIPI). 


 


Mr. S.N. Subrahmanyan, CEO & MD, Larsen & Toubro, and Mr. Subramanian Sarma, CEO & MD, L&T Hydrocarbon Engineering and Whole-time Director (Energy), Larsen & Toubro, received the award from the hands of Shri Dharmendra Pradhan, Hon’ble Minister for Petroleum & Natural Gas and Steel, GoI, at an awards gala held in New Delhi on Wednesday, January 27, 2021.
 
 


 


FIPI is an apex society of entities in the hydrocarbon sector and acts as an industry interface with Government and regulatory authorities. The FIPI awards, which are open to all EPC companies operating in India, recognise activities carried out by EPC firms and assess their contribution in terms of overall business performance, project management, quality, and health & safety, among other things.








2020






L&T Wins Two Risk Management Trophies from CNBC TV18 




L&T won CNBC TV18’s prestigious ‘Firm of the Year Trophy’ for best Risk Management practices for Frameworks and Systems in two categories – Conglomerate and Technology. The awards were presented at the India Risk Management awards ceremony on 6th February 2020.
These two awards affirm L&T’s comprehensive enterprise-wide risk management framework and processes and the successful intervention of technology for digitalization, cross-business knowledge-sharing and aggregate portfolio views. Guided principally by the idea of safeguarding the interests of the Company’s stakeholders, L&T’s institutionalized risk management processes distinguish it from other corporates.


 












L&T Chosen as the ‘Company of the Year’ by Business Standard 




L&T has been chosen as the ‘Company of the Year’ by noted business daily Business Standard. The accolade comes as part of Business Standard’s ‘Corporate Excellence Awards 2019’ with high-profile business magnates playing the role of the jury.
To pick the winners, the jury evaluated the shortlisted corporates in terms of corporate governance, contribution to society, scale, sustainability, leadership and innovation, and all-round growth.








2019






L&T in listing of Asia’s Most Honoured Companies - Institutional Investor Survey 2019 




L&T was declared one of Asia’s Most Honoured Companies in the Institutional Investor Survey 2019. The Survey also included Top Rankings for Mr. S.N. Subrahmanyan - 3
rd
 Best CEO (Overall) and Top CEO by the Sell Side, Mr. R. Shankar Raman - 2
nd
 Best CFO (Overall), and Top CFO by the Sell Side, Mr. Arnob Mondal - 2
nd
 Best IR Professional (Overall) and Top IR Professional by the Sell Side, and for L&T’s Investor Relations Programme. L&T was ranked 2nd Best and Top Investor Relations (IR) Program implementer in the Overall and Sell Side categories respectively. 


 


Conducted by the New York-based Institutional Investor, the survey covered two categories:




- Institutional investors/money managers (the ‘Buy Side’) across all countries which invest in Asia, and


- Institutional brokerage houses (the ‘Sell Side’) undertaking research on corporates listed in Asian bourses disseminating their research reports to their Capital Market clients on the Buy Side.














Ranked among Top 10 Employer Brands in India by Randstad Employer Brand Research 




The 2019 Randstad Employer Brand Research (REBR) survey placed L&T among the top 10 most attractive employer brands in the country.


Ranked 6th overall, L&T is the only firm on the list from the engineering, construction, manufacturing or financial services space to find a place in the top 10.


L&T scored high on the counts of its financial health, technological bent and strong reputation among potential employees. According to the survey 97% of all Indians enquire about the reputation of their potential employer and consider things like salary & employee benefits, work-life balance, and job security as major deciding factors when choosing a job. Also, 96% job-seekers look for alignment of personal values with a company’s culture. L&T scored well across all these parameters.












L&T Wins D&B Corporate Award 2019 




L&T has won the prestigious Dun & Bradstreet (D&B) Corporate Award 2019 in the Construction – Infrastructure Development category.


 


The D&B Corporate Awards have been honoring outstanding performers among Indian Inc. since 2000. A team of D&B analysts identify financial parameters pertinent to each category for evaluating the performance of organizations. These parameters are fed into a proprietary financial model developed in-house by D&B. This is used to identify the top performers in each category. Winners are then chosen on the basis of a composite score which takes into account a number of quantitative factors.












L&T Construction’s Vertical Recognized As ‘Best Performing Power Transmission & Distribution Organization’ 




The Power Transmission & Distribution (PT&D) business vertical of L&T Construction was recognized as the ‘Best Performing Power Transmission & Distribution Organization’ by the Central Board of Irrigation and Power (CBIP), a premier institution of the Government of India.


 


The award is in recognition for the outstanding contribution of the organization towards nation building and for the introduction of frontier and innovation technologies in PT&D to meet future demands. It was conferred in the presence of the Minister of State (IC) Power and New and Renewable Energy and other senior officials from Ministry of Power, Ministry of New and Renewable Energy, Central Electricity Authority, Ministry of Water Resources, River Development & Ganga Rejuvenation and CBIP.








2018






Ranked Among World’s Best Employers by Forbes 




Leading business magazine Forbes listed L&T among the World’s Best Employers for 2018. The list, based on Forbes’ Global 2000 rankings of publicly traded companies in 60 countries around the world, placed L&T at No. 22, making it the highest-ranked Indian firm across all sectors. The World’s Best Employers list takes into account factors such as brand image, working conditions, and diversity to determine how employees regard their own employer, as well as other companies they may admire.


 


The 2018 rankings are based on an analysis of more than 430,000 employee recommendations by Statista, the leading statistics, market research, and business intelligence portal. As part of the survey employees were asked to rate their own employer, reveal how likely they were to recommend it to their friends and relatives and share their views about other employers they admired.












‘Special Recognition Award’ in Randstad Brand Survey 




L&T received a ‘
Special Recognition Award’ 
in the 2018 Employer Brand Research Survey conducted in India by the global HR services provider, Randstad. L&T received the award in the Infrastructure & Construction sector.


 


The Award was received by Mr. Yogi Sriram, Senior Vice President – Corporate HR & Member of the Executive Committee, on behalf of L&T, in Mumbai on 25th April 2018.


 


The Randstad Survey is the largest independent employer branding survey in the world and is carried out by TNS Nippo, a leading market research & consulting firm. This is the 8th edition of the Randstad Survey in India which has surveyed over 3,500 prospective and current employees. Globally, the survey is in its 18th year and spans 30 countries 5,755 organizations and 175,000 respondents.








2017






Best Capital Projects & Infrastructure Risk Management Award from CNBC TV18 




L&T won the prestigious ‘Best Capital Projects & Infrastructure Risk Management Award’ at the India Risk Management Awards event organized by CNBC TV18 – the country’s leading business news channel - in Mumbai on March 27, 2017.


The award recognises L&T’s new growth benchmarks and excellent risk management practices that have been built into the Company’s business operations for effectively navigating the uncertain waters of the global economy. L&T has in place a comprehensive enterprise-wide risk management framework encompassing the Company’s overall risk profile. Guided principally by the idea of safeguarding the interest of the stakeholders, the approach relies on proven mechanisms for effective risk management.


Now in its third year, CNBC-TV18 India Risk Management Awards recognise companies that have created world class risk management practices. The awards are given to deserving companies after a thorough assessment of company data, its systems and frameworks in place. 












FICCI Quality Systems Excellence Award 




L&T Power has won the prestigious ‘FICCI Quality Systems Excellence Awards for Industry 2017 - Platinum (First) Prize in Construction Sector’ in the Large Size Organisations category. The award was presented by the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry (FICCI) at a conference on ‘Sustainable Industry Growth through Quality Systems’ on the theme ‘Quality Systems to Achieve Goal of Make in India’, held in New Delhi on January 20, 2017.








2016






L&T Technology Services is IACC ‘Company of the Year’ 




The Indo-American Chamber of Commerce (IACC) conferred its prestigious Company of the Year Award on L&T Technology Services Limited (L&T TS).  This is the highest distinction conferred by the IACC to any company.


IACC also honoured L&T TS’ continued efforts to reduce its carbon footprint at its various locations, by awarding the company with the ‘Best Green Office Space of the Year’ award.


The awards were presented at the 12th Indo-American Corporate Excellence  (I-ACE) Awards 2016, held in Mumbai on July 14, 2016.  An eminent jury comprising Indian business leaders and bureaucrats from the US Govt. examined the applications and selected the award winners.








2015






L&T Wins Golden Peacock Award  for Risk Management 




L&T has been conferred the prestigious ‘Golden Peacock Award for Risk Management’ for 2015 by the Institute of Directors (IoD) in the ‘Diversified’ category. The award was presented at a ceremony on December 18, 2015 in Bengaluru, attended by a distinguished gathering of business leaders.


 


The Golden Peacock Awards, instituted by the IoD in 1991, are regarded as a benchmark of corporate excellence worldwide. IoD is an independent, non-profit apex association of professional corporate directors. Over the years, it has grown to associate with around 35,000 senior executives, representing prominent organisations from the private, public and government sectors India-wide, and now, increasingly, world-wide.












L&T Wins Award for Excellence in Power Project Execution 




L&T won the Award for Excellence in Power Project Execution from the Central Board of Irrigation and Power (CBIP), a Government of India institute, for its outstanding contribution to the development of the Power Sector in India. The award was presented by Prof. Sanwar Lal Jat, Minister of State for Water Resources, River Development & Ganga Rejuvenation, to Mr. Shailendra Roy, Whole Time Director & Sr. EVP (Power, Minerals & Metals), on January 1, 2015, at New Delhi during the CBIP Day Celebrations.


The citation lauds L&T’s execution of Nabha Power’s 2x700 MW supercritical thermal power plant at Rajpura, Punjab, in a record time. This project is India’s first full EPC job completed using indigenously manufactured supercritical Boiler-Turbine-Generator equipment












L&T Wins BCCI’s Good Corporate Citizen Award 




Bombay Chamber of Commerce & Industry (BCCI) conferred ‘The Good Corporate Citizen Award’ to L&T for its Sustainability & Corporate Social Responsibility initiatives in the ‘Large Corporate Category‘.  


 


The award was presented by Mr. Suresh Prabhu, Union Minister of Railways, at the 180th Foundation Day celebrations of BCCI in Mumbai on October 1, 2015.  


 


BCCI instituted the Good Corporate Citizen Award in 1994 to recognise and honour conspicuous achievement by corporates in terms of service to the civic community in addition to outstanding sustainability responsibility performance. The evaluation parameters for the award included business performance, performance in industrial relations, environment, safety and occupational health, employee welfare, ethics and customer satisfaction, and social investment/CSR.








2014






F&S India Manufacturing Excellence Award for MFF-Hazira 




Frost & Sullivan (F&S), after carrying out a robust Project Evaluation and Recognition Programme, selected L&T's Modular Fabrication Facility (MFF Hazira) for the prestigious The Economic Times India Manufacturing Excellence Award (IMEA).


MFF-Hazira's project titled 'Safety Cultural Transformation' under the theme 'Safe Factory' was evaluated by the IMEA Executive Committee and the Jury Panel for the award under the category 'Visionary Project'.


MFF-Hazira is one of the largest modular fabrication facilities in South Asia with a capacity of more than 45,000 MT of modular fabrication per annum. It caters to global oil & gas industry, both upstream (exploration & production) as well as mid & downstream (refining, gas processing, petrochemicals).












L&T Wins Golden Peacock Award for Excellence in Corporate Governance 




L&T was adjudged the winner of the 'Golden Peacock Global Award for Excellence in Corporate Governance' for 2014 by the Institute of Directors (IoD). The jury of the awards was headed by Justice (Dr.) Arijit Pasayat, former Judge, Supreme Court of India & Chairman, Competition Appellate Tribunal of India & Authority for Advance Ruling Customs, Central Excise & Service Tax).












L&T Technology Services Wins Frost & Sullivan Excellence Award 




L&T Technology Services won the prestigious Frost & Sullivan (F&S) 'Excellence in Engineering Services Award 2014'. The award cited L&T Technology Services' deployment of next generation technologies for innovation as well as its demonstrated record in boosting customer value in engineering design.


The award was presented to L&T Technology Services on September 23, 2014 at a function attended by peer group professionals in the engineering and IT space, consultants, analysts and leading industry users.


The F&S Excellence Awards jury seeks out engineering and design services companies across regional and global MARKETS. Contenders need to have demonstrated outstanding achievement in areas such as leadership, technological innovation, customer service and strategic product development.












L&T Wins Most Attractive Employer In Infrastructure Industry from Randstad 




L&T won a ‘Special Recognition Award’ for being the Most Attractive Employer in the infrastructure sector in India. The award was presented by the reputed HR services firm Randstad.


The award was based on the results of an extensive, nationwide survey conducted by Randstad this year of over 8,000 respondents in the age group 18 years to 65 years – covering employees and job seekers. Employers were evaluated across 17 key factors including employee benefits, salary structure and long term job security. Unlike other best employer awards, the Randstad award is regarded as the ‘People’s Choice’ award.












L&T Electrical & Automation's AU-Series Wins Best Product Award at ELECRAMA 2014 




The design and development capabilities of L&T's Electrical & Automation (E&A) earned rich recognition at ELECRAMA 2014 when its AU-Series of Final Distribution Products was declared winner of 'The Best Product developed by an Indian Exhibitor' Award. The award ceremony was held at The Exhibitors Nite - JOSH 2014 on January 11, 2014.


The AU-series of final distribution products comprises a complete range of protection, control and monitoring devices that include Miniature Circuit Breakers, Residual Current Devices, Isolators, Changeover switches, Energy meters, Time switches, Surge Protection Devices, Modular Contactors, Communication devices, and Distribution boards. It ensures the highest level of safety and convenience to the end users.








2013






L&T Wins D&B Top Infrastructure Company Award 




L&T won the coveted Top Infrastructure Company award in the category Construction - Infrastructure Development – (Large) at the third edition of Dun & Bradstreet (D&B) Infra Awards 2013, held in Mumbai on October 29, 2013.


L&T Infrastructure Development Projects Limited (L&T IDPL), the wholly-owned subsidiary of L&T, won the D&B Infra Awards for the Ahmedabad-Maliya Tollway. It was selected as the ‘Best Project’ in three categories namely - Roads & Highways, Public Private Partnership, and Environmental Sustainability. This is the third consecutive year that L&T IDPL has won honours from D&B.


Dun & Bradstreet is the world’s leading provider of business information, knowledge and insight. These awards felicitate leading infrastructure companies that have delivered exemplary performance.












L&T bags NDTV Profit Business Leadership Award 




L&T bagged the prestigious NDTV Profit Business Leadership Award in the Infrastructure category. L&T has won the award on multiple occasions in the past, affirming its unrivalled leadership position in the industry.


The award was accepted on behalf of the Company by Mr. R. Shankar Raman, CFO. It was handed over by Dr. Montek Singh Ahluwalia, Deputy Chairman, Planning Commission, at a function in New Delhi on April 8, 2013 that was attended by the crème de la crème of Indian industry and other celebrities.












L&T Power Wins ‘Golden Peacock National Quality Award’ 




L&T Power was presented the prestigious ‘Golden Peacock National Quality Award – 2012’ at the 23rd World Congress on ‘Leadership & Quality of Governance’, at Bangalore on February 8, 2013.


The ‘Golden Peacock National Quality Award’ set up by the Institute of Directors seeks to recognize and reward organizations that effectively implement quality initiatives resulting in all-round excellence while contributing to improved business practices. This year the Awards Secretariat received over 137 responses. A total of 14 organizations scoring the highest among the respective industrial categories were recommended to an eminent jury for final selection.








2012






L&T Voted ‘Champion of Champions’ at the ABCI 52nd Annual Awards 




L&T won multiple laurels that propelled Brand L&T to a new high of professional recognition at the Annual Awards function of the Association of Business Communicators of India (ABCI) in Mumbai on October 19, 2012.


In addition to the eight entries that received honours in various categories, L&T was voted ‘Champion of Champions’ on the strength of securing the highest number of awards across all participating companies.


A further distinction of ‘Communicator of the Year’ was awarded to Mr. D. Morada, Vice President, Corporate Brand Management & Communications, for clarity and drive in articulating the Company’s brand positioning and for developing a globally-benchmarked corporate identity system.












L&T 9th in Global Ranking of World’s Most Innovative Companies 




Forbes - the reputed US-based global business magazine - ranked L&T the 9th most innovative company in a global study. L&T was rated highest amongst Indian companies that made the list, and was the only Indian company to feature in the top ten.












L&T Top Engineering Company in Business Today Listing of ‘Best Companies to Work For’ 




L&T was ranked 10th in a prestigious listing published by Business Today of the ‘Best Companies to Work For’. The listing is based on a survey carried out by the research firm Indicus Analytics. (February 16, 2012)












FICCI Awards for Excellence in Quality Systems 




The L&T Group secured multiple recognition from the prestigious Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce & Industry (FICCI). The Platinum Awards for Excellence in Quality Systems were won by L&T Heavy Engineering - Powai Campus – Mumbai and by L&T Komatsu (LTK) Bangalore Works. Both these awards are in the large scale manufacturing category.












L&T Ranks Among Top 10 in S&P ESG India Index 




L&T ranked among the Top 10 in Standard & Poor’s (S&P) ESG India index of companies in terms of ‘Environment, Social and Governance’ performance. The index is sponsored by International Finance Corporation (IFC), and is developed by a consortium of Standard & Poor, CRISIL and KLD (an international research organisation) specialising in global equity market research.












L&T wins NDTV Profit Business Leadership Award 




Affirming L&T’s stature in building infrastructure, the Company was honoured with NDTV Profit’s Business Leadership Award. The NDTV Profit Business Leadership Awards were instituted to recognise organisational excellence. NDTV’s rigorous selection process involved short-listing the industry categories that contributed the most to India’s GDP and growth, collating a list of organisations in each category based on parameters like revenues, revenue growth and market share, and defining parameters and assigning weights.












L&T Heavy Engineering Wins Safety Innovation Award 




Appreciating the efforts put in to achieve high Occupational Health, Safety & Environment standards at its manufacturing facilities, the Delhi State Centre of the Institution of Engineers (India) conferred on L&T Heavy Engineering, the prestigious Safety Innovation Award - 2012.


The award was presented on August 9, 2012 by Dr. Narendra Jadhav, Member, Planning Commission, during the Safety Convention - 2012 organised by the Institution of Engineers (India) at New Delhi.












L&T - Chiyoda wins ICAI National Award for Excellence in Cost Management - 2011 




L&T - Chiyoda (LTC) was conferred the prestigious National Award for Excellence in Cost Management by the Institute of Cost Accountants of India (ICAI). LTC won the First Prize in the category of ‘Private - Service Sector (Medium)’ for achieving business excellence by adopting the best cost management initiatives.


Mr. K. Sudhakar, Chief Executive, LTC, received the award from Dr. M. Veerappa Moily, Minister of Corporate Affairs, and Mr. Naved Masood, Secretary, Ministry of Corporate Affairs at the 9th Annual Award function held at Vigyan Bhawan, New Delhi on July 17, 2012.












L&T Hydrocarbon Bags CNBC TV18 ‘Infrastructure Excellence Award’ 




L&T Hydrocarbon business was presented the Infrastructure Excellence Award for the successful execution of the world’s longest heated and insulated pipeline from Barmer in Rajasthan to Salaya in Gujarat.












L&T Heavy Engineering Wins National Award for Export Excellence 




L&T Heavy Engineering won the prestigious National Award for Export Excellence, presented by the Engineering Export Promotion Council of India (EEPC).
Heavy Engineering was rated star performer in the Large Enterprise category for its export performance in 2010-11. This is the fourth time that L&T has received this award. (March 31, 2012)




















2024






Mr. A. M. Naik receives Lifetime Achievement Award from FICCI Young Leaders’ Forum 




L&T Chairman Emeritus, Mr. A M Naik received the Lifetime Achievement Award from the FICCI Young Leaders’ Forum. The award was presented to AMN in Mumbai on 28 August. This was the first time that the FICCI Lifetime Achievement Award has been conferred under the Young Leaders’ category.


The FICCI Young Leaders Forum is a platform that brings together young leaders from diverse backgrounds and provides them with the opportunity to exchange ideas, experiences and skills. It aims to motivate emerging young leaders to assume the responsibility of taking the country towards a happier future.












Mr. R. Shankar Raman conferred 'Finance Icon' award by Dun & Bradstreet 




Mr R. Shankar Raman, President, Whole-time Director & CFO – L&T, was conferred the prestigious 'Finance Icon' award by Dun & Bradstreet (D&B) India. The award recognises his exceptional financial and strategic acumen both within L&T and in the larger financial community over the course of several decades.












Mr. A. M. Naik receives PMA Lifetime Achievement Award 




L&T’s Chairman Emeritus Mr. A M Naik (AMN) was bestowed the Lifetime Achievement Award by Project Management Associates (PMA), India on 16 August, 2024.


The coveted award has been previously conferred on only two distinguished Indians – both of whom had served in the public sector. AMN is the only Indian from the private sector to have received the honour, and is widely acknowledged as an inspirational figure in the field of project management, having helmed some of India’s most prestigious projects in crucial sectors, such as aerospace, defence, nuclear power, hydrocarbon and power.


The PMA is a member of the 72-nation International Project Management Association. It promotes elevated standards in project and programme management, and trains project managers and other project professionals.












Mr. S. N. Subrahmanyan conferred Eminent Engineer Award by the Engineering Council of India (ECI)  




Mr. S. N. Subrahmanyan (SNS) was conferred the acclaimed Eminent Engineer Award by the Engineering Council of India (ECI) for his outstanding contribution to the industry. A high-level jury chaired by Dr. R. A. Mashelkar (former Secretary - Department of Scientific & Industrial Research, GoI), chose SNS unanimously from among many other engineering luminaries. The prestigious award was conferred at the opening session of ECI's National Conference in New Delhi on 29 April, 2024.


ECI was founded in 2002 by professional organisations/institutions of engineers to work for the advancement of the profession. ECI bestows the Award on individuals who have distinguished themselves in the industry and in research & consultancy.












Mr. A.M. Naik conferred Lifetime Achievement Award by The Economic Times 




Mr. A.M. Naik, Chairman Emeritus, Larsen & Toubro has been conferred the prestigious Lifetime Achievement Award by 
The Economic Times. 
The award recognises Mr Naik’s outstanding contribution in reshaping L&T’s identity from an engineering and construction giant into a global conglomerate with a substantial presence in sectors of national importance.  


In his acceptance speech, Mr Naik highlighted the contrast between his humble beginnings as a schoolmaster’s son and his meteoric rise in the corporate world, an achievement which is due only to hard work, passion, commitment and devotion to duty. He dedicated the award to his late father.








2023






Forbes Confers Lifetime Achievement Award on Mr. A. M. Naik 




L&T Group Chairman Mr. AM Naik was conferred the Forbes Lifetime Achievement Award for his contribution to nation-building as a leader of the hi-tech manufacturing and infrastructure conglomerate and for his philanthropic initiatives. On Mr. Naik’s behalf, his wife Ms. Geeta Naik and L&T CEO & MD Mr. SN Subrahmanyan received the award at a glittering ceremony in Mumbai on Friday, 24 March. The award was presented by Dr. Rajiv J Shah, president of the US-based philanthropic major The Rockefeller Foundation, in the presence of an august audience.












Mint Confers Lifetime Achievement Award on Mr. A. M. Naik 




L&T Group Chairman Mr. A M Naik was conferred the Mint Lifetime Achievement Award at India Investment Summit 2023 organised by prestigious financial newspaper, Mint, a part of HT Media. On Mr. Naik’s behalf, L&T CEO & MD Mr. S N Subrahmanyan received the award at a star-studded ceremony in Mumbai on Friday, 17 March.


 


Mint has conferred the award on Mr. Naik in recognition of his “accomplishments over a long career.” Apart from being the L&T Group Chairman, Mr. Naik also happens to be the Chairman of L&T Employee Trust which he founded in 2003.








2022






Mr. A.M. Naik Conferred E&Y’s Lifetime Achievement Award 




L&T Group Chairman Mr A M Naik was conferred the 
Lifetime Achievement Award by Ernst & Young, one of the world’s leading management consultancies.


 


Reading out the citation, Marico Chairman Mr Harsh Mariwala described Mr Naik as “the nationalist business leader, and one of the best living examples of professionalism, commitment and entrepreneurship”. The citation said that AMN built L&T “into a technology powerhouse and one of India’s best-known companies through decades of blood, sweat, and tears”. Hailing his commitment to the organisation, the citation said, “Mr Naik belongs to the rare group of business executives who dedicate their lives to the companies they work at.”


 


CEO & MD Mr S N Subrahmanyan accepted the award on behalf of AMN who was unable to attend the glittering function held on 12 April in Mumbai.


 












Mr. A.M. Naik Inducted into CNBC-TV18’s Hall of Fame 




L&T’s Group Chairman, Mr. A. M. Naik, was inducted into the CNBC-TV18’s Hall of Fame for demonstrating outstanding leadership in the corporate world over the years.


 


L&T CEO & MD Mr S N Subrahmanyan received CNBC-TV18’s prestigious ‘Hall of Fame’ Award on behalf of L&T Group Chairman Mr A M Naik at  Mumbai’s Taj Lands End on 1 April.


 


This honour is part of the 17th edition of CNBC-TV18’s coveted India Business Leaders’ Awards (IBLA), a recognition of business excellence that celebrates the outstanding contribution of leaders across business, policy, sports, arts and entertainment. The awards were presented by Standard Chartered in partnership with Hindustan Times.












 Mr. S.N. Subrahmanyan named India's Best CEO in Infra & Engineering 




L&T’s CEO & MD Mr S N Subrahmanyan was named the Best CEO in the infrastructure & engineering segment in the latest ranking by Business Today-PricewaterhouseCoopers.


 


Announcing the ranking, Business Today stated that SNS is constructing a new L&T that remains true to its core, yet takes on new stripes that make it a more relevant organisation for the times, and that his track record made it relatively easy for the jury to declare him the winner. This year’s winners demonstrate not just strategic vision and the ability to make course corrections as market dynamics change, but also a keenness to understand deeply what the customer wants while being empathetic to the needs of the employees at a time when the pandemic has threatened to upend people’s lives.








2021






Mr. A.M. Naik honoured with Lifetime Achievement Award by Construction Week 




L&T’s Group Chairman, Mr. A. M. Naik, was honoured with the prestigious Lifetime Achievement Award by Construction Week – a leading magazine in the construction and infrastructure space. The award was chosen by the Global Editorial Board of ITP Media Group that publishes Construction Week.


 


The award salutes excellence and is presented each year to eminent industry leaders who have significantly contributed to advancement in the field of construction. The citation accompanying the Lifetime Achievement Award highlights the role that Mr Naik has played for multiple decades in industry and stresses his influence in fostering professional excellence across the field. It describes Mr Naik as a ‘towering figure in the realm of construction’ and a leader who ‘shines the light for all those who aspire for excellence’.












Mr. A.M. Naik conferred with Outstanding Institution Builder Award by All India Management Association 




The All India Management Association (AIMA) conferred the ‘Outstanding Institution Builder Award’ on L&T Group Chairman Mr A M Naik. The award acknowledged Mr Naik’s stellar role in building L&T, transforming it and shaping it into its present shape.


 


The award was conferred at AIMA’s 11th Managing India Awards ceremony, held virtually on 22 September. AIMA is the apex body for management in India.












Mr. S.N. Subrahmanyan featured in Construction Week’s Power 100 List 




L&T’s CEO & MD Mr S N Subrahmanyan was ranked 11th on Construction Week’s prestigious Power 100 List released in its latest issue. The list features Middle East’s 100 Most Influential Construction Leaders of 2021.


 


Construction Week is Middle East’s largest construction and contracting portal. Its 2021 Power June 5, 2021 100 rankings were based on publicly available information and entries submitted concerning the performances of the companies over the past 12 months, including revenue, scale of project delivery, how they have overcome challenges and what initiatives they have taken to boost prospects, awards and future plans.












Mr. A.M. Naik honoured with Lifetime Achievement Award by Business Standard 




L&T’s Group Chairman, Mr. A. M. Naik, was honoured with the prestigious Lifetime Achievement Award by Business Standard. The distinguished jury for the ‘Business Standard Annual Awards 2020’ was unanimous in its choice of AMN as winner of the award, after considering several outstanding individuals who have left a deep and lasting impact on India’s corporate history. The jury recognised AMN as a trailblazer, not only in the world of business but also in the sphere of philanthropy.












Mr. S.N. Subrahmanyan featured in ‘Top 50 Most Influential People’ List by Utilities Middle East 




L&T’s CEO & MD, Mr. S. N. Subrahmanyan, was featured in the 
Utilities Middle East’s 
list of the '
Top 50 Most Influential People
' in the GCC utilities industries. The magazine commended the many achievements of SNS that have added value to the L&T brand. 


 


Utilities Middle East
, part of the ITP Media Group, focuses on the region’s energy sector. The magazine’s Utilities 2020 Power List celebrates the top 50 professionals who continue to contribute towards building a resilient utilities sector in the Middle East.








2020






Mr. S.N. Subrahmanyan featured in Construction Week’s Power 100 List 




L&T’s CEO & MD, Mr. S. N. Subrahmanyan, ranked 13th on Construction Week’s prestigious Power 100 list, which was released in its June 2020 issue. The list features the Middle East’s 100 Most Influential Construction Leaders of 2020.


Construction Week is the Middle East’s largest construction and contracting portal. Its 2020 Power 100 rankings were based on publicly available information and entries submitted concerning the performances of the companies over the past 12 months, including revenues, the scale of project delivery, how they have overcome challenges and what initiatives they have created to boost prospects, awards and future plans.












Mr. S.N. Subrahmanyan conferred ‘CEO of the Year – Private’ Award at CNBC-AWAAZ CEO Awards 




Mr. S.N. Subrahmanyan, CEO & MD, was conferred the ‘CEO of the Year – Private’ Award at the second edition of CNBC-AWAAZ CEO Awards.


On behalf of SNS, the Award was received by Anupam Kumar (VP and Head – MMH SBU) from the CM of Chhatttisgarh, Shri Bhupesh Baghel, on 7th February 2020 at Raipur.


The CNBC-AWAAZ CEO Awards were instituted to recognize leaders who create and sustain entrepreneurial initiatives, develop best practices and carve out powerful businesses in the Indian economy.












Mr. A. M. Naik Gets IBC Lifetime Achievement Award 




L&T Group Chairman, Mr. A M Naik, has been conferred the Lifetime Achievement Award by the Indian Buildings Congress (IBC).This is in recognition of Mr. Naik’s valuable services and outstanding contribution to the construction industry.
Union civil aviation minister, Mr. Hardeep Singh Puri, handed over the ‘IBC Lifetime Achievement Award 2019’ at IBC’s 24th Annual Convention at Vigyan Bhawan, New Delhi, on 6 January. Mr. SN Roy, Whole-time Director & Sr EVP, received the Award on behalf of Mr. Naik.
IBC is an industrial body that promotes innovation and modernisation in the construction industry. It also acts as an interface between the Government and the construction industry.








2019






Mr. A.M. Naik conferred Lifetime Achievement Award by Institute of Economic Studies 




L&T Group Chairman, Mr. A.M.Naik was conferred the Lifetime Achievement Award and Gold Medal by famed nonprofit Institute of Economic Studies (IES).
The accolade was conferred at the international “Conference on Indo-Sri Lanka Economic Co-Operation" held in Colombo on 27 December.


IES is a premier research-oriented nonprofit body that conducts study on issues faced by the Indian Economy, with the help of academicians, economists and parliamentarians.












Mr. S.N. Subrahmanyan Awarded IIM-JRD Tata Award 




L&T CEO & MD Mr. S.N. Subrahmanyan was awarded the prestigious IIM-JRD Tata Award for ‘Excellence in Corporate Leadership in Metallurgical Industries’ for 2019 at the 57th National Metallurgist’s Day Awards Function held on November 14, 2019. 


The IIM-JRD Tata Award for ‘Excellence in Corporate Leadership in Metallurgical Industries,’ is conferred annually to an outstanding Corporate Executive in metallurgical industry. This is to recognise significant contributions in the fields of leadership and development, having an impact on national and international scenario. The award was instituted in 2007.












Mr. A. M. Naik conferred CEO Mentor Award  at CEO Awards 2019 




At the sixth edition of CEO Awards held in Mumbai on August 05, 2019, Mr. S.N. Subrahmanyan, CEO & MD, chose Mr. A.M. Naik, Group Chairman, for the prestigious CEO Mentor Award for 2019. A remarkable leader with great strategic foresight, Mr. Naik has led L&T to extraordinary heights and Mr. Subrahmanyan considers Mr. Naik as his guide and mentor. The CEO Awards are one of India’s most well-researched awards, where a distinguished panel of jury reviews industry leaders based on their performance at work, their work-life balance and the larger impact of their actions on industry and society.












Mr. S.N. Subrahmanyan conferred Emergent CEO Award at CEO Awards 2019 




At the sixth edition of CEO Awards held in Mumbai on August 05, 2019, Mr. S.N. Subrahmanyan, CEO & MD, was conferred the Emergent Award for showcasing extraordinary leadership and delivering seamless growth for L&T. The CEO Awards are one of India’s most well-researched awards, where a distinguished panel of jury reviews industry leaders based on their performance at work, their work-life balance and the larger impact of their actions on industry and society.












Mr. A.M. Naik Conferred ‘Eminent Engineer Award’ 




The Engineering Council of India presented L&T Group Chairman Mr. A.M. Naik the ‘Eminent Engineer Award - 2019’ at a function in New Delhi.  The Council is the apex body of engineering associations in the 
country
 and recognizes extraordinary service by the most eminent professionals in the country. The Citation lauds Mr. Naik’s success in fusing engineering with entrepreneurship.












Mr. A. M. Naik conferred the Padma Vibhushan 




L&T Group Chairman, Mr. A.M. Naik, was accorded one of the highest national civilian honours – the Padma Vibhushan, with his name featuring in the Honours List released by the Government of India on the eve of Republic Day 2019. 


He thus becomes one of the very few professionals from the field of industry to win this award. This honour is a deserving acknowledgement of Mr. Naik’s extraordinary record in serving industry while simultaneously fulfilling the twin objectives of building the nation and creating value for all stakeholders.








2018






Mr. R. Shankar Raman Conferred Businessworld’s Best CFO Award 




Mr. R. Shankar Raman, CFO, L&T, was conferred the ‘Best CFO Award 2018’ by the leading business news magazine in India, BusinessWorld (BW). Mr. Shankar Raman received the award in the category of Consistent Liquidity Management for redefining the role of finance through processes and people management at L&T.


The ‘Best CFO Awards 2018’ were presented at an awards ceremony in New Delhi on May 11, 2018. Mr. Hardeep Singh Puri, Hon’ble Minister of State & Independent Charge, Housing & Urban Affairs, was the chief guest.












Mr. A.M. Naik Conferred BMA Lifetime Achievement Award 




Recognising his extraordinary contribution to the management movement in the Indian industry and to L&T in particular, the Bombay Management Association (BMA), the premier management association of the country, conferred its prestigious Lifetime Achievement Award on Mr. A.M. Naik, Group Chairman.


Mr. Naik received the award at the 39th annual BMA Awards ceremony held in Mumbai on February 21, 2018
. 


 


Mr. Naik was selected by a panel of eminent jurists comprising Mr. S. Ramadorai, former Vice Chairman, TCS (Chairman of the Jury), Mr. Shailesh Haribhakti, Chairman & MD, Haribhakti Group, and Mr. P.R. Ramesh, Chairman, Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP.












Business Today Honours Mr. A.M. Naik With Lifetime Achievement Award 




Business Today – part of the India Today group - presented L&T Group Chairman, Mr. A.M. Naik, its prestigious Lifetime Achievement Award at a flagship business conclave in Mumbai on January 13, 2018. Mr. Naik received the award from the Chief Guest at the event, Mr. Jayant Sinha, Union Minister of State for Civil Aviation, witnessed by an august gathering of industry captains and international thought leaders.








2017






Mr. R. Shankar Raman Is Financial Express’ CFO of the Year 




At the first edition of the CFO Awards ceremony of The Financial Express (FE), Mr. R. Shankar Raman, Board Member and CFO of L&T, won the prestigious CFO of the Year award. The jury appreciated his excellent management of working capital that ensured L&T did well even during tough economic conditions. The award celebrates excellence, best practices and outstanding achievements by India’s leading CFOs and was adjudged by an eminent jury panel comprising leaders who are regulators, industrialists, merger and acquisition advisers, senior corporate strategists, business economists and more.


Mr. R. Shankar Raman received the award from the Chief Guest, Mr. Bibek Debroy, Member, NITI Aayog, at the awards function held in Mumbai on March 24, 2017.












Mr. A.M. Naik Conferred IMA Lifetime Outstanding Achievement Award 




Mr. A.M. Naik was honoured with the Lifetime Outstanding Achievement Award by Indore Management Association (IMA) in appreciation of his outstanding contribution to Indian industry and to society. The award was presented at the 26th International Management Conclave 2017 of IMA at Indore.


 


IMA, an association of entrepreneurs and professional managers, was formed in 1963. It is affiliated to the All India Management Association (AIMA) as one of its constituent bodies. It has direct and indirect membership of over 3500 members including corporates, professionals, academicians and students.








2015






Mr. A.M. Naik Honoured by Giants International 




Mr. A.M. Naik was honoured with the GIANTS International Award 2015 for his pioneering contribution to the cause Business & Industry, in a ceremony on September 16, 2015.


 


Giants International is an India-based International Service Organization and provides its members an ideological base and organisational platform to enable citizens to play their role in improving socio-economic conditions for communities and position India as a premier nation in the evolving new world order.












HM Queen of Denmark Confers Order of Dannebrog - First Class on Mr. A.M. Naik 




L&T’s Group Executive Chairman, Mr. A.M. Naik, has been conferred the Order of the Dannebrog as Knight - First Class by Her Majesty Queen Margrethe of Denmark. The knighthood is Danish Royalty’s acknowledgement of Mr. Naik’s role in fostering Indo-Danish ties in the fields of business, commerce and culture.


This honour represents a progression of the accolade that Mr. Naik received from the Queen of Denmark in 2008. The formal investiture ceremony will take place in March 2015.


The Order of the Dannebrog is one of the world’s oldest Knight Orders, having been instituted in Denmark in 1671.












Mr. A.M. Naik conferred Business India’s ‘Businessman of the Year’ recognition 




Appreciating Group Executive Chairman, Mr. A.M. Naik's efforts in transforming L&T to one of the most respected Indian multinationals and his contribution to the development of infrastructure in India, Business India - India's premier business magazine - conferred on him the prestigious Businessman of the Year Award 2014.


Each year Business India recognizes excellence in business, and commends performance by an outstanding individual in the business community in India. He is chosen as a role model for our times.


The pre-eminence of the selection panel and the very selection process itself, year upon year, has ensured that the Business India's Businessman of the Year distinction remains the most coveted by the business community.








2014






Mr. K. Venkataramanan Conferred BP Godrej Lifetime Achievement Award 




L&T’s CEO & MD, Mr. K. Venkataramanan, was conferred the prestigious BP Godrej Lifetime Achievement Award 2014 by the Indian Institute of Chemical Engineers (IIChE).


The felicitation ceremony was part of the inaugural session of Chemcon 2014 (the flagship annual event of IIChE) at Punjab University campus in Chandigarh on December 27, 2014.








2013






Mr. R. Shankar Raman is CFO of the Year - CNBC TV18 




Mr. R. Shankar Raman, L&T’s Chief Financial Officer, won the prestigious ‘CFO of the Year’ Award presented by the leading business channel CNBC TV18 in March, 2013. The CNBC TV18 CFO of the Year Awards are among the most coveted in the financial community. 
They honour “the best minds in finance that have steered their organizations through the choppy waters of the economic downturn”.


Mr. Shankar Raman was also awarded ‘Best Performing CFO in the Infrastructure & Power Sector’








2012






Mr. A.M. Naik Honoured With ICC Lifetime Achievement Award 




In recognition of the outstanding contribution made by Mr. A.M. Naik, Executive Chairman, L&T, to the chemical industry, the Mumbai-based Indian Chemical Council (ICC) honoured him with the coveted D.M. Trivedi Lifetime Achievement Award for 2011.


Mr. S.N. Roy, Whole-time Director & Sr. EVP (Corporate Affairs & Power), L&T, accepted the award on behalf of Mr. Naik from Dr. Ashok Ganguly, Member of Parliament, in Mumbai on October 12, 2012.












Mr. A.M. Naik Ranked 32nd Best Performing CEO In The World 




The Harvard Business Review in its January-February 2013 edition named L&T’s Executive Chairman, Mr. A.M. Naik, as the 32nd Best Performing CEO in the world. In the industrial sector Mr. Naik ranked 4th Globally. The Harvard Business Review is one of the most respected business journals in the world.


Mr. Naik was ranked in a global study of 3143 CEOs from 1862 companies representing 64 nationalities and from companies based in 37 countries. The evaluation criteria included how much shareholder returns had changed over their tenure and the overall increase in market capitalization.












Mr. A.M. Naik Inducted to the Hall of Fame in Manufacturing Today's Power List. 




In the 2012 Power List of India's Top 50 industry leaders published by the renowned magazine, Manufacturing Today, L&T's Chairman & Managing Director, Mr. A.M Naik was inducted to the Hall of Fame.












Mr. A.M. Naik Ranked Asia's Top CEO in Infrastructure Sector by Institutional Investor, Mr. R. Shankar Raman voted Best CFO 




The prestigious Hong Kong based magazine, Institutional Investor, ranked Mr. A.M. Naik, Asia's Best CEO in the Infrastructure Sector for 2012. In another significant honour Mr. R. Shankar Raman was voted best CFO in the survey.












Mr. A.M. Naik Ranked in Top Ten of the Economic Times India's 'Most Powerful CEOs' List 




Mr. A.M. Naik ranked in the Top 10 in corporate India's definitive power listing published by India's leading business daily, The Economic Times (ET). Mr. Naik's high impact and outstanding accomplishments have seen him ascend a listing that is among the most coveted in the Indian industry.












Mr. A.M. Naik Honoured with CNBC TV18 ‘Infrastructure Leader of the Year’ Award 




Mr. A.M. Naik’s role as leader of India’s premier infrastructure company and his contribution to nation building found affirmation once again as leading business channel CNBC TV18 honoured him with the prestigious ‘Infrastructure Leader of the Year’ award.


The award was presented at a ceremony in New Delhi on May 08, 2012. Mr. Naik received the award from the Chief Guest, Mr. Kamal Nath, Union Minister for Urban Development.












L&T CMD Ranked One of India’s Top Two CEOs from 1995 to 2011 




L&T's Chairman & Managing Director, Mr. A.M. Naik, was ranked as one of the top two of India’s Best CEOs in a study conducted by India’s leading business magazine Business Today (part of the India Today Group), leading international business school - INSEAD, and the Harvard Business Review.




















2023






L&T wins OSH India Award for Excellence in Health & Wellness Practices 




Larsen & Toubro won the first place in OSH India 2023 Awards in the ‘Excellence in Health and Well-being’ category. Out of the 21 shortlisted from a total of 553 entries, L&T emerged the topper in this category. This award underscores L&T’s commitment and dedication towards prioritising health and wellness measures along with occupational safety within every aspect of its operations.












L&T Ranked No.1 in the Capital Goods Sector and No.17 among the Top 50 Most Sustainable Companies in India by Businessworld (BW) 




L&T earned top honours for Sustainable Practices, and was ranked No.1 in the Capital Goods Sector and No.17 among the Top 50 Most Sustainable Companies in India by Businessworld (BW). Commemorative awards for these rankings were conferred on L&T at the Sustainable World Conclave hosted by BW in New Delhi on 20-21 June.


 


The prestigious award celebrates India Inc’s contributions in terms of sustainable practices towards building a sustainable and resilient society.








2022






L&T ranked No.3 spot in ENR’s 2022 ‘Top 200 Environmental Firms’ list 




L&T ranked No.3 in the ‘Top 200 Environmental Firms’ list for 2022 released by Engineering News-Record (ENR), New York. L&T is the only Indian firm in this list, with pro environmental revenues of USD 4.83 billion in 2021, accounting for 30% of the company’s total revenues.


In terms of ENR’s segmentation of the sector-wise share of the companies’ revenues, L&T has ranked No.3 in both the lists of projects pertaining to Air Quality / Clean Energy and Water Treatment/Supply. While L&T earned total pro environmental revenues of USD 4.83 billion in 2021, the projects from these two categories accounted for 67% of that.












L&T Leadership Development Academy awarded Platinum Rating under IGBC Green Campus certification 




L&T’s Leadership Development Academy (LDA) at Lonavla was awarded Platinum rating for Green Campus from the Indian Green Building Council (IGBC).


 


LDA scored high on multiple parameters – including rainwater harvesting and overall energy savings, with mitigation of CO2 emissions by up to 62 tonnes per annum.


 


LDA’s natural topography and landscape, sensitivity towards the differently-abled, use of natural light and an efficient ventilation system, the heat-island effect on the roof, wastewater treatment, employee collaboration areas and recreational facilities were some of the important factors that contributed to LDA’s overall rating. LDA’s initiatives for reducing its carbon footprint include site solar panel installation, energy efficiency improvement projects and tree plantation drives.








2021






L&T’s Integrated Report Declared Winner at the Social and Business Enterprise Responsible Awards 




L&T’s Integrated Report has been declared a winner in the Best Integrated Report category by the Social and Business Enterprise Responsible Awards (SABERA), supported by Grant Thornton Bharat. 


 


Announcing the award, SABERA stated that L&T has been scaling new heights responsibly and is helping to put India on the sustainable road to development. 


 


L&T’s Integrated Report is the third consecutive integrated report and 13th consecutive year of sustainability disclosures for the company.












L&T Wins CSR Shining Star Award 




L&T was conferred the prestigious CSR Shining Star Award in the ‘Skills’ category for its various skilling initiatives, including its flagship Construction Skills Training Institutes (CSTIs). The award is instituted by Wockhardt Foundation.


 


The award was presented by Hon. Governor of Maharashtra, Shri Bhagat Singh Koshyari at Raj Bhavan, Mumbai, on 20 February, 2021. Wockhardt Foundation’s ‘CSR Shining Star Awards’ recognise the CSR efforts of companies across categories such as health, education, women’s uplift, skill development and animal welfare.












L&T’s Integrated Report Declared Winner at the Social and Business Enterprise Responsible Awards 




L&T’s Integrated Report has been declared a winner in the Best Integrated Report category by the Social and Business Enterprise Responsible Awards (SABERA), supported by Grant Thornton Bharat. 


 


Announcing the award, SABERA stated that L&T has been scaling new heights responsibly and is helping to put India on the sustainable road to development. 


 


L&T’s Integrated Report is the third consecutive integrated report and 13th consecutive year of sustainability disclosures for the company.








2020






L&T Wins Gold Award for CSR 




L&T’s sanitation initiatives under the Integrated Community Development (ICD) programme have been recognised by a Gold award for CSR. The coveted honour was won in the ‘Swachh Bharat’ category, in recognition of L&T’s integrated approach towards enabling communities to become water-sufficient and Open Defecation Free (ODF). This initiative furthers better health, livelihoods and education outcomes.








2019






L&T Leadership Development Academy awarded Gold rating under IGBC Green Campus certification 




The L&T Leadership Development Academy (LDA), a unique campus for learning and professional growth, in Lonavla near Mumbai, was awarded the Gold rating under the IGBC Green Campus certification system. A recognition of our commitment to implementing green concepts and techniques for conservation of natural resources & biodiversity, adoption of renewable energy, and waste management.


 


IGBC Green Campus Rating system encourages implementation of green concepts and techniques to address national priorities like conserving natural resources, demand-side energy & water eﬀiciency, adoption of renewable energy, management of consumer waste, occupant health & comfort and biodiversity.












L&T Wins ICC Corporate Governance & Sustainability Vision Award 




L&T won the prestigious Corporate Governance & Sustainability Vision Award 2019 in the
 
‘Sustainability Performance’
 
Category from Indian Chamber of Commerce (ICC) for its first Integrated Report (2017-18). The award was presented at the 9th India Corporate Governance & Sustainability Vision Summit & Awards on February 21,
 
2019
, 
at New Delhi.


 


This award endorses L&T’s perseverance in improving its
 
triple-bottom-line
 
(economic, environmental & social) performance.


The winning Integrated Report showcased the highlights of L&T’s sustainability performance, such as:


a. Powai & Chennai campuses became ‘Carbon Neutral’ in 2018.


b. Avoided more than 77,900 tonnes of CO2 emissions by conserving more than 95 million units of electricity.


c. Reduction of water consumption per person at L&T locations by more than 11%.


 


ICC is an industry association working towards a growth-oriented model for all the key driving sectors of the economy. Its primary focus is creating a sustainable model both for industry and society through inclusion, empowerment and development of human resource. The Corporate Governance & Sustainability Vision Awards nurture innovation, build trust and help in shaping a sustainable future.








2018






Nabha Power Wins International Recognition for Global Leadership in Clean Coal Technologies 




Nabha Power Limited (NPL) received global recognition for High-Efficiency, Sustainability Leadership and Innovation during the fifth Annual Peabody Global Clean Coal Leadership Awards. The awards were presented at POWER-GEN International in Orlando, Florida, USA, held between December 4-6, 2018. NPL achieved the best heat rate and auxiliary power consumption in India's 660-megawatt class for FY 2017–2018 along with 100 per cent dry fly ash utilization and zero liquid discharge. 


Overall the award recognises outstanding examples of leadership and innovation among coal-fired generating plants and projects, with representations from China, India and the United States.


The Peabody Global Clean Coal Leadership Awards programme was established in 2014 to showcase coal-fired power plants for top environmental performance, highlight innovative leadership and improve awareness about the benefits of clean coal technologies.












L&T Wins ISC-FICCI Award for ‘Best Corporate Initiative in Sanitation’ 




L&T was conferred the award for ‘Best Corporate Initiative in Sanitation’ by India Sanitation Coalition (ISC) and the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce & Industry (FICCI) at the second India Sanitation Conclave held on 26- 27 April 2018 in New Delhi. 
The award was presented by Mr. Hardeep Singh Puri, Hon’ble Minister of State, Ministry of Housing and Urban Affairs. L&T received the award for its Corporate Social Responsibility sanitation programme in 16 water-stressed villages in the Bhim and Kumbhalgarh blocks of Rajsamand district in Rajasthan.
This award reinforces L&T’s commitment to ‘Building India’s Social Infrastructure’ - ensuring a better quality of life for communities to achieve inclusive growth through empowerment.








2017






L&T wins FICCI Corporate Social Responsibility Award 




L&T was conferred the FICCI CSR Award 2016-17 for innovative work in integrated community development for rural communities, as part of its CSR initiatives. The award was presented at the prestigious Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry (FICCI) CSR Summit & Awards 2017, on November 30, 2017, at New Delhi.


The award was conferred in the category of Health, Water and Sanitation for Private Sector Companies. Watershed initiatives undertaken through L&T’s flagship Integrated Community Development Programme are implemented across five locations in three states. Communities in these locations have seen a significant increase in their water availability, crop productivity and community participation in decision-making over the project period.  












L&T wins ASSOCHAM’s ‘Responsible Organization Excellence Award’ for CSR 




L&T was conferred the first prize in the private sector of the prestigious Responsible Organization Excellence Awards for Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) by the Associated Chambers of Commerce & Industry of India (ASSOCHAM).


The award was presented at the 9th Global CSR Summit of ASSOCHAM on September 27, 2017, at New Delhi. The award was conferred in the category of Education, Skill Development & Livelihood.


L&T’s CSR is centred on the theme of ‘Building India’s Social Infrastructure’. The skilling initiatives undertaken through L&T’s flagship Construction Skills Training Institutes (CSTIs), which provide residential training to school dropouts and migrant labour, were lauded by the jury headed by Justice Mr. V.N. Khare, Former Chief Justice of India. This award once again provides recognition and reinforcement to L&T’s commitment towards ‘Building India’s Social Infrastructure’ and reaching out to the most underserved segments through its innovative community development initiatives.












L&T wins Best Practices Award for Sustainable Development Goals 




L&T was conferred the prestigious Best Practices Award for Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) by the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC) at the 12
th
  National Convention on ‘Making Global Goals Local Business’, organised by the UNGC Network India, on April 28, 2017, at New Delhi. 


 


The award was based on a case study on the skilling initiative undertaken through L&T’s flagship Construction Skills Training Institutes (CSTIs), which provide residential training to school dropouts and migrant labour. The case study presented a link between the efforts of L&T at the community level with its commitment towards the UN’s SDGs which contain 17 developmental goals with 169 targets, ratified by 193 member countries of the UN.








2016






L&T Among Top 15 In Global Sustainability Performance Ranking 




In the Dow Jones Sustainability Index 2016 published on September 8, 2016, L&T was listed among the top 15 leaders in the Construction & Engineering sector in the world. In addition, L&T retained its position of being the only company from India in the  Capital Goods category in the Emerging Markets Index (DJSI-EMI). This was the fourth consecutive year that L&T made it to the top few in the Capital Goods category and among the top 10 Indian companies who made it to the DJSI-EMI listing.


 


DJSI is the gold standard for corporate sustainability and the first global index to track the leading sustainability-driven companies based on the analysis of financially relevant Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) factors and S&P DJSI’s robust index methodology. Around 3,400 publicly traded companies from the developed and emerging markets are invited to take part in this annual Corporate Sustainability Assessment.












L&T’s Sustainability Report wins Asia-Pacific Excellence Award 




L&T’s Sustainability Report 2014 was adjudged the most outstanding in its category, and was conferred the prestigious Asia-Pacific Excellence Award.


The Asia-Pacific Excellence Awards honour outstanding achievements in communications and public relations across Asia-Pacific. The awards were presented at the Winners’ Day Symposium of the Asia-Pacific Excellence Awards held in Singapore on April 1, 2016.


 


The theme of L&T’s Sustainability Report 2014 was ‘inclusive growth’. Its cover featured two primary elements - the rupee symbol depicting economic success and ‘Ka’ the first letter of the Devnagari alphabet denoting the foundation of education and knowledge. Like all its preceding editions, this report too received GRI Checked A+ rating, indicating the highest level of disclosure accorded by Global Reporting Initiative, the world’s most respected body in the field of sustainability reporting.


 


 








2015






L&T leads in the Dow Jones Sustainability Emerging Market Indices 2015 




L&T emerged the leader in sustainability in the capital goods sector in India on the Dow Jones Sustainability Emerging Market Indices (DJSI-EMI) 2015.  L&T improved its score by 35% over the last year. This reflects the success of L&T’s wide-ranging sustainability initiatives.


 


DJSI tracks the performance of the world’s leading companies in terms of economic, environmental and social criteria. This is the third consecutive year that L&T has made it to the top few in the DJSI-EMI - a recognition of L&T’s continued commitment to its sustainability programmes.       








2014






L&T Power Wins National Energy Conservation Award 




L&T-MHI Boilers Private Ltd) won the prestigious National Energy Conservation Award for the year 2013 presented by the Ministry of Power.


The award recognises the contribution of L&T-MHPS Boilers and the viable solutions it offers for energy conservation.












L&T Ranks in Top 10 Companies for CSR – The Economic Times 




L&T’s wide-ranging CSR efforts received further recognition as a survey by the leading business newspaper The Economic Times along with Futurescape and IIM Udaipur ranked us among the Top 10 of ‘India’s Best Companies for CSR’.


The Economic Times survey studied the country’s top 115 companies to arrive at the ranking. It covers industries as varied as automobiles, banks, diversified, FMCG, infrastructure, information technology, metals and mining, oil, power, steel, pharmaceuticals, telecommunications and others.












L&T Wins ICICI Foundation-CNBC TV 18 ‘Inclusive India’ Award 




L&T was conferred the ‘Inclusive India’ Award in the Corporate Foundation category by the ICICI Foundation and the leading business TV channel, CNBC TV 18.


The award recognises L&T’s contribution in providing employable skills to rural youth through its various skill-building programmes. L&T’s eight Construction Skills Training Institutes and CSR programmes conducted through its Ladies’ Clubs have reached to over 28,000 youth across the country in 2013-14 alone.












L&T Ranked Asia's 2nd Most Sustainable Company in Industrial Sector 




L&T has been ranked 2nd in Asia in the industrial sector in Channel News Asia's Sustainability Rankings. 
Channel News Asia, a respected Singapore-based news & current affairs TV channel, conducted an analysis of companies across Asia to determine the continent's Top 100 'Most Sustainable Corporations'. 
The analysis took into account the performance of the company in terms of contribution to social development, good governance and environmental protection.












L&T Bags ‘Best Sustainability Report Award’ – 2014 




L&T’s Sustainability Report – Future Now – was declared the best corporate report by the World CSR Congress for its width and depth of coverage, its high degree of transparency and the engaging manner in which it has projected non-financial data.
The award was part of the Global Sustainability Leadership Awards 2014 instituted by the World CSR Congress. The selection process involved rigorous screening of applications from a number of corporates. Shortlisted contestants then made presentation to jury members comprising international CSR consultants, CEOs, sustainability experts and members of the media.
The community initiatives of L&T Vizag unit also received an award in ‘Outstanding Social Impact’ category.








2013






National ‘Good Design’ Award for L&T’s Solar Lantern 




The solar lantern from L&T Electrical & Automation - D.VA won the India Design Mark Award (IMark) presented by the New Delhi based India Design Council for its exceptional design. D.VA is a solar-powered portable light fixture that offers significant advantages over conventional solar lanterns.


The India Design Council grants IMark after evaluating designs through a systemised process. It is initiated in cooperation with Good Design Award, Japan. Through IMark, the India Design Council seeks to inspire Indian manufacturers to bring out well-designed products that enrich the lives of people.


D.VA, the newly launched solar lantern in the Indian market, was conceived by the in-house design team in our Switchgear Design & Development Laboratory.












L&T Wins Corporate Citizen of 2013 - The Economic Times 




L&T is The Economic Times ‘Corporate Citizen of the Year – 2013’, winning what is widely regarded as the most coveted, and keenly contested award in the CSR space. The Jury cited our ‘Ingrained Culture of Corporate Citizenship' as a key factor in the recognition.


The Corporate Citizen Award is part of the prestigious annual bouquet of Awards for Corporate Excellence presented by The Economic Times - India’s largest selling business newspaper.












L&T Wins ICC Corporate Governance & Sustainability Vision Award 




L&T has once again won recognition for its commitment to corporate governance and sustainability practices. The Indian Chamber of Commerce (ICC) awarded L&T the Corporate Governance and Sustainability Vision Award 2013 in the ‘Water Stewardship’ category.


The award was received by Mr. K.R. Palta, Advisor to the Chairman, L&T, from Mr. Arun Maira, Member, Planning Commission – Government of India, at a function held in New Delhi on February 19, 2013.  This award recognises L&T’s initiatives for water conservation, processes & practices to reduce its water footprint and watershed development for communities.












L&T Conferred ‘Caring Company Award’ By World CSR Congress 




L&T was awarded the ‘Caring Company Award’ on February 17-18, 2013 by the World CSR Congress for its sustained initiatives in reaching out to the underprivileged.


The Caring Company Award is presented to companies displaying exemplary corporate citizenship and commitment to create a truly cohesive society. The evaluation for the award was carried out by an independent jury panel and Council of Board Members of the World CSR Congress.












L&T Heavy Engineering Bags CII–ITC Sustainability Award 




L&T Heavy Engineering was conferred the prestigious CII–ITC Sustainability Award. L&T HE received the Certificate of Commendation for Strong Commitment to the cause of sustainability. Mr. Y. S. Trivedi, Executive Vice President and Member of the Board – Heavy Engineering, received the award on January 14, 2013 from the President of India,
Mr. Pranab Mukherjee.


The annual CII-ITC Sustainability Awards are conferred on Indian businesses that demonstrate excellent performance in the area of sustainable development. Instituted in 2006 by the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) and FMCG major ITC, the Sustainability Awards are aimed at recognising exemplary performance in economic, social and environmental dimensions of Indian business.








2012






L&T wins ICC ‘Corporate Governance and Sustainability Vision Award 2012’ 




L&T’s commitment to corporate sustainability won industry recognition once again. The Indian Chamber of Commerce (ICC) awarded the Company, the Corporate Governance and Sustainability Vision Award 2012 in the ‘Sustainability Reporting’ category. (February 23, 2012)












Newsweek Ranks L&T 4th Globally in List of Greenest Industrial Companies 




In November 2012, Newsweek, the globally respected and widely read news magazine published ‘Green Rankings’ - a comparative score card of the top 500 green companies.
L&T placed fourth in the Industrial Goods category worldwide, ahead of many of its global peers including GE, ABB, Schneider, amongst others, and is the highest in India in this category. L&T also features among the world’s top 100 companies across all categories.












L&T Ranks 3rd in BSE Green Index 




L&T’s performance in environmental conservation won market recognition as it was ranked third in a weighted tally of the ‘Green Index’ published by the Bombay Stock Exchange. Called the ‘BSE-GREENEX’, this first-of-its-kind index assesses the ‘carbon performance’ of companies drawn from the BSE Top 100. L&T’s high ranking is specially commendable since the BSE-GREENEX is not a subjective assessment and applies sector-specific algorithms to determine energy performance and is based on publicly disclosed data. (February 22, 2012)




































About L&T Group






Overview






Technology for Growth






Awards & Recognition






Annual Review






Leadership






Facilities






Video Gallery






Vision






Experience Centre - Mumbai 






Corporate Policies














Sustainability






Overview






Climate Strategy






Environment






Green Business






Sustainable Supply Chain






Integrated Report






Corporate Social Responsibility






Sustainability Updates






Health & Safety






Sustainable Development Goals 














Careers






Overview






Current Openings






Learning & Development






Diversity, Equity & Inclusion






Recruitment Caution






Campus Recruitment






Renew: Career Re-entry for Women














Contact Us


India & Global 






Larsen & Toubro Limited
CIN – L99999MH1946PLC004768
L&T House, N.M. Marg, Ballard Estate, 
Mumbai, Maharashtra - 400 001




Tel: +91 22 67525656
Fax: 
+91 22 67525858


Send us a mail:
infodesk@larsentoubro.com
 
























© 2025 LARSEN & TOUBRO LIMITED. 
All rights reserved.












Copyright & Terms


Privacy Policy


Sitemap
































































































































You are using an outdated browser. Please Update your browser to improve your experience.




Download Updated Browser


Continue


























© 2014 LARSEN & TOUBRO LIMITED. 
All rights reserved.

























